Intro
“Nobody will ever understand you.”
“Your nightmare will never end.”
“It’s just you.”
“It has always been you.”

Someone is talking in her head. It's always in her dream, her nightmare, tormenting her every time she goes to sleep. Rika is used to it now, really, all she needs is just a couple pills to help her shut these voices off. Still, the voices never really went away. Every morning she woke up—wishing she never had—with words slicing through her thoughts, like knives poking in her brain, craving every inch of sanity she has left.

She woke up with a dry throat, mouth full of metallic scent that felt like blood. The cold is the worst part,  even with a blanket wrapping all over Rika’s body, she still felt so cold. And those nightmares never end. It’s reminding her of the past, the guilt that had long become a black hole in her stomach, eating her alive from inside until there’s nothing left except the shell of what she used to be.

Those are days that she just wants to end it all.

“Everyone’s gone now.”
“They left you again, just like they always do.”
“It’s all your fault.”

The voices get louder and louder, like some kind of signal. To wake up from this cemetery of memories , or perhaps, to never open her eyes again. ‘The latter might be nice,’ Rika thought to herself. ‘Wonder how many days will go by until someone notices that I’m gone, though.’ A gust of cool breeze passes through Rika’s body, sending shivers through her spine as if she actually felt it, like a real wind would.
Dreams have never felt so real as this moment.
Rika has to wake up.
She can’t.

The fear washes through her just like the wind did. Rika is frozen in place, she knows she should move. But every time she tries, she suddenly feels like all of her energy just vanishes. Deep inside her mind, there is a tiny bit of hope that someone will find her and wake her up.

But no one will. She is alone.

(‘It’s OK,’ she whispered to herself. ’No one died because they struck in a dream, right?’ It sounded more like a question than an answer. ‘It’s just a dream,’ Rika said. ‘I will wake up eventually.’ ‘Even if no one came the alarm clock will wake me up.’)

The panic starts to reappear again when Rika was pulled into yet another one of her memories. This time it’s when she was 6, her parents scolded her about a pot she burned trying to cook something for them. Her hands were blood red because of the burn too, but they were too mad at her to notice. 

It’s her fault, she should know better.

Funny enough that one of the longest conversations they have had in months is because Rika messed up at something. And for her younger self who craved even a slightest bit of attention from her parents, it was a bittersweet memory. It’s not long after Rika heard one of her classmates talk about their parents that she realized it’s not normal for kids to stay home alone for weeks.

“You are more mature than any kids your age, Rika,” mother said as her hand stroked gently through Rika’s hair. “You can take care and stay home alone for a bit, right?”
“Don’t be so sad, Rika,” her father said. He looked straight into her eyes as he and mother were about to leave, his hands touched gently on both her arms. “We are only going out for a few days. You are 8 now, you can take care of yourself. And the nanny will be here with you too.”
Rika was 7 at that time.

She’s older now. Those fears had been long gone and turned into anger. It’s turned into hatred, not only towards some individual, but toward the world as well. After all, why is it always her that has to suffer? 

‘it’s justified, right? I have done nothing to deserve this…’ Rika said to herself as she watched memories after memories play in front of her. Tears and smiles both appear on her face, as emotions explode in her chest. Hatred turned to sorrowful disappointment, and then it turned to nothing. Rika fell to her knee, curling herself into a ball, making herself as small as possible. Whimpers escape her lip unwillingly, she wishes she was never born.

“Or… maybe I deserve it.”
“Nobody will ever understand you.”
“Your nightmare will never end.”
“It’s just you.”
“It has always been you.”

Her fingers clutch the weight of a small plastic bottle. This never was a permanent solution, voices still reappeared every morning she woke up, every night she forgot to take them. Maybe… just maybe if she takes more…, it might really stop. There must be a better way—that’s what she’s always wanted to believe. But right now, it’s just too much.

Rika tips the bottle. One by one, the cylindrical capsules entered her mouth, and the scent of pear blossoms permeated throughout her body. The peace she yearned for, the silence she desired, is not that far away anymore.

“Finally…”

Everything fade black


A soft warm hand is stroking Rika’s hair, another gently wiping tears off her face. It’s the comfort she yearned for.. Maybe it is what the afterlife feels like? But surely she isn't supposed to be in heaven like this. The touch… is so familiar, like something she once knew. Rika opens her eyes and finds herself in another girl's arms with head in her lap.

“Maya? Is it really you?” Maya smiles “Hey, how are you feeling?” her voice sounds exactly the same as Rika remembers the last time they spoke. It is comforting to know that her only friend, Maya, has not changed at all.
“I—I’m OK, just not enough sleep that’s all,” Rika let a small laugh escape, it was a bit dry.
“Rika, you swallowed like a dozen sleeping pills, you’re not fine,” Maya glared at her like a dagger and crossed her arms over her chest. Rika’s eyes went wide as she gathered herself upright.
“What?!”
“Yeh, and now we are stuck here, in this weird place,” Maya gestures around, they’re in a desert that seems to be no end. There’s nothing but sand.
“Come on, let’s look around, see if there is anything useful,” She gathered herself and pulled Rika up by her arm. They look around.

(In this section player will learn about basic camera movement, moving between room, basic interaction)
(Rika’s POV moves around the surreal  bracelet)
(The story moves on when Rika interacted with every object and wait 3 seconds)

“I don’t see anything useful here, it’s all sand!, do you see something, Maya?”
“I think I am. Here, follow me,” Maya answers. She walks strength through the desert.
“Huh?” Even with curiosity in her mind, Rika follows her friend.

Suddenly, the surreal desert landscape turns into a shadowy hallway.

“What?! How did you do that?” Maya chuckles. “I’ll explain later after we get out of here, but right now you just have to follow me," Rika nods and then they walk in silence. The silence itself is scary, but with the echo of their breath it’s outright terrifying. At the end, there is a single door. It looks normal enough but something about it is quite unsettling and familiar.

‘Why does that door look so familiar? Have I seen it before somewhere?’

“Is something wrong, Rika? You look worried,” Maya said looking at her friend’s frown face. “It’s…nothing,” Rika answers, “the door just looks so familiar to me.”
“Can you think of somewhere it might be from?”
“No, I don’t…wait” Her eyes widened and full with realization. “It’s my old bedroom!”
“Really? Let’s get in! I want to see what your room looks like!”
“I might be wrong though, don’t get your hopes up,” she said slyly as Maya opened the door to her old bedroom. The door closed behind them and disappeared.

ROOM 1 : Rika’s bedroom
“It’s exactly how I remember it,” Rika said, as she looked around the room. “Really?“ Maya wanders through the room . ”But it looks so…” she looks at the room, most of the furniture has layers of dust on  and the bed torn. “Decrepit?”
“Well, my parents made me responsible for my own room since I was 5, so I have to clean it myself,” Rika replied, “and I hadn’t done a good job at first though.”

“Yikes, your parents are so weird. If I were you, I'd never talk to them again.”
“Yeh, I wouldn’t either,” Rika chuckled. Her eyes wander around, it brings back lots of memories. It looks normal enough, with some books on the shelf, some childish drawings on the wall, and a kid?

“Is that a kid?”
“Huh, What?”

The child is on the floor, drawing with crayons.

“She kinda looks like you? Wait it’s you! It’s baby Rika!!” Maya said with excitement, her eyes are all sparkled. The child doesn’t respond “Huh, she doesn’t see or hear us though.”

“Did you draw a lot when you were a kid?”
“It was just a childish drawing though. I don’t have any talent in anything, really. Maybe I just want to impress my parents.”
“By drawing?”
“What else can a child do? Compose music? Study software architecture? Invent a cure for cancer?”
“You don’t have to be sarcastic for everything, Rika… And are they impressed by your childish drawing?”
“Nah… Not at all… they don't even have time to talk to me more than 5 minutes, how can they have enough time to look at my drawings?”
“I sorry…”
“Don’t worry about it. It’s in the past now.”
Pock
The sound of crayon snapping in half makes her young self shocked. The kid started to cry, she let a little whimper out, but not anything louder. 
“You've been doing that since you were a kid, huh?”
“What thing?”
“When you cry, you are always so quiet. If I was not looking at you I would never know you were crying at all.”
“...Maybe I did do that.”
How did little kids know not to cry out loud unless there was someone telling her?
“Come on, let’s find this little Rika some replacement crayons”
(UI for crayon progress shows up)
Blue Crayon (Outside, directly accessible)
“There it is, a blue crayon.”
“Let’s give it to her.”
Toys box key (Used to retrieve the red crayon)
“Ah! This rusty key is for the toy box. I wonder if it still works with all this rust…”
“Rika, why is the toy box locked? Aren’t you supposed to play with them?”
“I read in a book that by keeping stuff locked up, a child can learn to be responsible. So I asked my parents for a lockable box.”
“You mean… the child Rika read a book about how to raise a child, then try to follow it to raise yourself? Why…?”
“Who knows? I don’t even understand myself.”
Red Crayon (Inside toy box)
(Before having the key)
“It’s locked…”
(After having the key)
“Got it. The red one.”
“Red, just like blood…”
“Uh… Why are you thinking of blood? Is there something wrong?”
“I’m not sure. But that word comes to my mind first… Where does it come from…?”
“Don’t worry about that, Rika. I’m sure it’s nothing significant. Let’s give the crayon to her.”
Flashlight (Used to retrieve the green crayon)
“That’s the flashlight I used after I turned off the light to navigate to my bed.”
“Scared of ghosts, Rika?”
“Not really. If there were ghosts, I would want to see it with my own eyes, and I wouldn’t be able to see without a flashlight.”
“...”
Green Crayon (Under the bed)
(Before having the flashlight)
“There’s nothing on the bed.”
“Rika, I can’t see what’s under there. It’s too dark…”
“Then, let’s investigate other things first.”
(After having the flashlight)
Jump scare? Idk how to write it. + red spider lily
“Phew… What in the world…”
“Ah, Rika! Use the flashlight to look under here!”
“Ok.”
"There it is. The green crayon. It rolled all the way to the back."
“Let’s give it to her. I don’t want to stay with whatever that jumpscare is any longer.”
Pear Blossom Pot (On the bedside table)
“What flower is this? Do you know, Rika?”
“It’s Rika.”
“...? I know your name. Or did I pronounce it wrong?”
“No, I mean, the flower is Rika, a pear blossom. My parents named me after it.”
“Aww… Naming a daughter after a flower is such an adorable thing to do…”
“Involuntarily naming someone after a flower of peace and purity, and then having that daughter live a life without peace isn’t considered adorable in my eyes though…”
“Sorry to hear that…”
“Anyway, it’s already withered. Don’t linger on dead plants too much.”
Window (With children playing outside)
“There are kids playing outside.”
“Don’t you want to go with them?”
“No. Trying to create a good drawing is hard enough.”
“...Really? You don’t want to play with others even a bit?”
“Maybe I’ll like it if I get to play with them. But my parents never really introduce me to them, so… I don’t know.”
Door to previous room (Occasional knocking)
[Each knock goes to the next state dialogue]
First knock
Rika opened the door, but there’s nothing outside.
“What’s that? Is there anyone outside?”
“No.”
“...Okay?”
Second knock
Rika opened the door, but there’s still nothing outside.
“Again? Is there anyone playing prank on us?”
“It’s in my dream. Why would someone enter my dream and play a prank on me?”
“Then, what is it…?”
“I don’t know.”
Final knock (LOUD BANGING)
Rika opened the door. Jump scare? Idk how to write it. + red spider lily
“...Okay, I accept that someone may be playing a prank on us.”
“So, who is that someone? Do you know?”
“I don’t. Let’s leave this room before they get even freakier.”
Crayon Paintings (Scattered on the floor)
[Click to pick up -> image pop up]
Beach image with Rika & parents & pear blossom tree
“A beach? You traveled there with your parents?”
“No. They never bring me anywhere on their own really.”
“That’s sad…”
“Maybe back then, I still wanted to go. But now I don’t want to go there anyway. Beaches are not my style.”
Globe thistle flower
“What’s that flower?”
“It’s ugly, isn’t it?”
“N-No… Your drawing is quite on the realistic side. Good job! Haha…”
“I’m talking about the flower itself. Not my drawing skill.”
“Ah… In that case… Is it really ugly though? It’s just a flower.”
“I don’t know about you, but I think it’s ugly. And that’s why I drew it.”
Something very impressive? Artists can do whatever they want
“You really drew that?!?”
“Yes I did.”
“And you said you don’t have talent in art…”
“It’s only because you don’t know art, Maya. The perspective is awful in this picture.”
Abstract art scribbles
“...”
“...”
“...”
“Aren’t you going to comment on anything?”
“I cannot understand this piece.”
“Me neither.”
Mahiru’s bracelet x2
Not interactable
After giving every crayon to Rika figure
(Rika’s figure stopped crying.)
“Finally… She stopped crying.”
“Look. Her hands move again. She’s drawing.”
“And she will probably keep drawing for a long long time. Until the day her age reaches the range applicable by the compulsory education law, where I’m forced to go out.”
“Why can’t you just say until she starts going to school?”
(Door unlocking sound)
“Ah… Anyway, it seems like the door has unlocked. Let’s go to the next room.”
ROOM 2 : Living room
“This is your living room?”
“I think it’s my parents’”
“It looks even older and messier than the bedroom…”
“Not my fault. At that time, I was only responsible for my own room. I never really leave it after all.”
“I didn’t blame you for it though… Hey! What’s that jigsaw board? Has it always been there?”
“Definitely not that I know of.”
Jigsaw board (FORCED TO BE THE FIRST)
“Hm…”
“You’ve never seen a jigsaw board in the living room, right?”
“No. Never.”
“One, two, three, four, five, six? There’s six pieces missing, Rika.”
“So this is what this room is about, huh? Finding jigsaws…”
(UI for jigsaw progress shows up)
Family portrait (+1 jigsaw) + Globe thistle
“Is this your family portrait? You look normal, happy even…”
“Let me tell you something. The shutter speed of a normal camera is about 10 milliseconds. And anyone can fake smiling for 10 milliseconds.”
“Au… Do you fake smile that much…?”
“Well, not around you. Just around adults, it’s easier that way,” she shrugs.
“Okay Rika. Whatever you say… Also, who’s that old woman in the back? Photobombing?”
“Are you kidding me? That’s my maternal grandmother. She’s not on good terms with my mother though.”
“Why though? Shouldn’t mother and daughter be nice to each other?”
“It’s their family matter. I don’t intend to dig deep into it.”
“But… You are their family…?”
“You don’t need to care about them. I’ve got the jigsaw piece behind the portrait already. Let’s go.”
“Okay, Rika…”
Friend portrait 1 (+1 jigsaw) + Globe thistle
“Your elementary school friend! So cute!”
“...She sabotaged my artwork though.”
“Eh? How? Why?”
“In art class, she always complimented me and asked me to teach her art.”
“Oh? And then?”
“She has a talent that I don’t have. In just 2 months, she surpassed me completely.”
“That must be hard on you…”
“And then after that, she intentionally enters every competition I entered and eventually takes the top places away from me. And somehow, she tries to console me for my lack of skills… How irritating…”
“Rika…”
“The teacher definitely knew it, but they never did anything. In the end, we moved on to separate middle school. I haven’t seen her in years now. This picture is her last gift to me before we went our separate ways.”
“...”
“Anyway, I got the jigsaw already. Let’s go.”
Friend portrait 2 (+1 jigsaw) + Globe thistle
“Is this one of your friends at school?”
“Yes… She was weird though. I’m quite uncomfortable with her around.”
“How? She doesn’t look weird in this picture?”
“One day, I was eating, and she and her friend group just decided they would talk to me. And so they sit down opposite of me and start talking.”
“And you don’t want to talk to her group, Rika?”
“Don’t think of me like that. I don't have social anxiety, you know? It’s just like… she’s harassing me.”
“Harassing? That much? Au… You’ve no luck in finding friends, huh?”
“Who in the world starts a conversation with a dirty joke? And why are they so insistent on asking me whether I have a crush on someone or not? And to make it worse, the group pressure discourages me from walking out of it too.”
“That’s like… a new form of sexual harassment…?”
“You can call it whatever you want, but almost everyone in school is like that, and it makes my life unhappy. But anyway, I found a jigsaw behind the portrait here. Let’s go.”
Textbook (+1 jigsaw)
“Oh! Oh! A textbook! What are you studying at elementary school? I want to know.”
“This one is Japanese. Do you want to do kanji practice or something?”
“Ouch… I don’t want to do it…”
“You’re this old and you’re telling me you can’t read kanji? Come on, what does…”
(Rika opens to a random page)
“What does 昼 means?”
“...”
“Oh, there’s a jigsaw in this kanji textbook.”
“Great, but… What does 昼 mean though…”
“It means… Uh…”
“Rika, are you telling me you can’t read kanji after teasing me like that?”
“No no. That kanji reads ‘Hiru’ and it means day. I know it. But it’s like… weird… Like something’s missing…”
“Oh, it’s that one.”
“Anyway, let’s not waste more time and continue the puzzle.”
Mother’s safe (+1 jigsaw)
(locked)
“It's a safe container. But where’s the input pad, Rika?”
“Can you see it?”
“No…”
“Then how can I see it? Do you think I have superhuman vision or something?”
“Au… Sorry…”
(unlocked)
“Ooh! It’s unlocked.”
“Just get the jigsaw and close it. There might be something you don’t want to see inside.”
“W-What? Why would your family collect something so scary in a safe?”
“It’s a tax invoice.”
“Wow. That’s terrifying…”
Lamp 1
(Can toggle on or off)
Lamp 2
(Can toggle on or off)
Lamp 3 (+1 jigsaw when touched the first time)
(Can toggle on or off)
Paper piece
“6241? What are these numbers?”
“It might be useful, Rika. Maybe you should remember them.”
Television
(You can interact to open it, and it only shows a number)
(The number shown is a binary of Lamp 1,2,3 combined, from 0-7)
(The number, if the same as the safe’s password, will unlock the password)
(Wrong / Still not unlocked)
“Is this TV broken…? Why is it showing only number XXX ???”
“There must be something wrong with it…”
(The safe is unlocked now)
The TV turned dark, suddenly a pair of blood-shot eyes appeared, then the scene cracked.
“...”
“...”
“I think I heard the sound of something clicking. Is it safe?”
“Why can you ignore whatever that thing is just like that…? You’re too strong…”
Vase
“It’s a vase…”
“Is there a jigsaw inside?”
“There’s only one way to find out…”
(Rika smashes the vase, and it breaks.)
(Creepy insects crawl out)
“Ahhhhh!!! Bugs!!!”
“There’s nothing inside…”
Blood stain
“Blood stain…?”
“Why is there a blood stain?”
“Wait… I feel like I might be able to remember something…”
“Rika, why can you remember something related to a blood stain…”
“I don’t know, but it feels like it’s an important topic… Wait a bit…” +jumpscare or distort effects
“Rika. You don’t have to try to dig up memories if it looks bad. It will only hurt you…”
“Ha… I don’t know…”
“It’s fine, Rika. Let’s look at other stuff.”
Broken mirror
Not interactable
Mahiru’s bracelet x3
Not interactable
After assembling the jigsaw
“It’s finished…”
“What will happen now…?”
(A low grinding sound. A section of the wall slides away, revealing a dark, sterile school hallway)
“Of course, a school hallway. The place everyone loves.”
“...?”
“Maya, don’t you love the place called hallway? A place where you can do fun things, like… walking… and, uh, waiting… And also… greeting teacher…?”
“You’re acting weird, Rika.”
“I-I… I just feel kind of uneasy… It doesn’t make sense here though. This hallway looks less scary than this room. Why…”
“Rika…”
“Don’t worry. I’m fine… Let’s go.”
(Rika walks slowly toward the hallway, her expression unreadable.)
ROOM 3 : School’s hallway
“Looks like we’re at your high school,” Maya said, skipping through the hallway as Rika walked behind her, trying her best to force her face to create a small smile. Her face pale like a paper, her body starts to shake. Rika tries to stop it, but she can’t.
(Everything was fine, really. There should be nothing she’s worried about. She just hasn't visited the school for a long time, that’s it.)
“Hey Rika, do you think we can get to the lower floor? Or is it gonna be the loopy stair thing?” The girl goes 2-3 steps down then turns around to talk to her, at the stairs.
The stairs…
(“Rika, I really want you to have more fun…” @$## said, she stared up at Rika from the stairs below. The sun was setting and it was raining. Almost everyone headed home by now, except for them)
She can’t even remember what they’re fighting about that day. Maybe it’s @$##’s fault, maybe it’s hers.
It has to be hers, right?
Are we even fighting in the first place?
“Rika? You don't look fine right now. What happened…?” 
(She frowned a little bit, staring back at the crying face of her friend. “In the end, you didn’t understand me even a bit, did you?,” she said, turning away. Everything after that seems to pass in a blur, she can’t remember anymore of it.)
Except the body the bottom of the stairs
The body…
Red…
Blood stain…
“RIKA! Can you hear me?!?”
(“What do you think?” some guy asked, “Did she kill her?”) 
(“Well, they didn’t arrest her though,” the other guy answered, “but who knows? Maybe it's true. Afterall, she does look a bit anti-social. She literally talks to no one except @$##. If I were to think of the crime from a view of a mystery novel, she has a motive that makes the most sense.”)
Rika hadn’t cared about them, she didn't even know them, but what if they were right? It’s all her fault, after all.
God she can’t breathe.
Someone asks her something, but she can’t hear it, not with all these noises telling her that it’s her fault. Her head darted around to find the person who was speaking to her.
“I - ” God she can’t breathe.
Rika was taking in small, harsh breaths, it’s not enough. Everything looks blurry, everything sounds muffled. She felt arms wrap around her, a calm voice told her to breathe.
“Shhh, you don’t have to say sorry, it’s not your fault , just breathe.”
Did she say something? She didn’t even know she was speaking. She’s try to shut up, but she can’t control her mouth, she can’t stop –
((Spam clicking to calm down)) 
“Breathe Rika, breathe,” The calm voice started again. And this time, she followed.
((Faded black))
ROOM 4 : Classroom
“Wa - What happened?”
“Hey, you're finally up,” Maya said, a small grim appearing on her face. “You passed out. I cleared the last room for you. Want to talk about what happened?”
“No”
“Ok”
“...”
“...”
“...”
“It’s fine… You can take your time. ”
“I’m sorry… To be honest, I’m still not quite sure what happened. But it really looks like a part of my memory is missing.”
“Let’s talk about this later, right now we have to get out of here, yeh?"
“No”
“...?”
“Before we clear this room, Maya, can I ask you something… Just to make sure…”
“Uhhh yes…?"
“Maya. I know we knew each other for a long time, yeh? But I can’t really recall the first time we met. I know we didn’t go to the same high school. Do you remember the first time we met?”
“Uh… Well… My memory isn’t that good either. So I don’t know… But our relationship right now is good right? What’s the point of asking that…?"
“You are panicking.”
“I… I wasn’t panicking… It was just so scary here… Look, there’s eyes everywhere, you see?"
“…”
“Okay. Fine. Let’s get out of this room…”
Blackboard
“This scribbling is too much. What’s wrong with the writer…"
“What do you want? It’s a horror puzzle. Just solve it.”
(After solved)
“Phew… That’s quite confusing."
“...”
“Rika?"
“Friday…?”
“Yes, the answer is Friday. What about it?"
“4th of April, Friday…?”
“If I remember correctly, your birthday is the 5th of April, right? This date would be one day before your birthday."
“That would be right.”
“So, happy birthday…?"
“That’s not how it works. But… I feel weird... It’s like something’s missing.”
“Something? What’s missing, Rika?"
“I’m not sure… I feel like I’m somehow missing out on a gift I should have received, if that makes sense?”
“Uh… Maybe it’s just you being tired. You’re overthinking i—"
(CRASH!, A sound of plum blossom pot in the corner breaking)
“!!?”
Plum blossom pot (Interactable after the blackboard is finished)
“This flower… It’s a plum blossom.”
“Like, the one in your name, Rika?"
“No. That's a pear blossom. This is plum. The color is different.”
“Why does it break..?"
“Let’s clean it up first.”
(After cleaned up)
“That flower is so beautiful. Why would someone break it like that, even if it’s in a dream…"
“...”
“...”
“...”
“Rika?"
“...”
“Yes.”
“It is… beautiful…”
“...”
“Haha…”
“Rika?"
“Mahiru… How can I forget you? My first real friend…”
“...Rika, you remember her now?"
“Yeah… I met her first when I entered high school. She was always wearing a plum blossom with her and always acted very stupidly and cute.”
“In the middle of an environment where everyone tries to manipulate others for their own needs, she is just there, enjoying life with me.”
“You seem very fond of her… How is she different from others?"
“Well, firstly, she’s not special at all. No talent. Not popular. Nothing notable except her extreme naivety. She never wanted to learn art from me. She never wanted to talk to me. She just sits beside me all the time, at every chance possible.”
“Isn’t that… weird…?"
“It is. It’s super weird having someone following me like that and not even trying to speak to me. But it somehow felt comfortable. It’s like… that’s the thing I’d been wanting all along. Just someone, being with me, being happy… Then, as if that happiness can be transmitted through air, the scent of the plum blossom enters my nose and I feel like I’m allowed to be happy too…”
“And that’s why you consider her your first actual friend…"
“Are you jealous? I can’t pinpoint the exact date, but I have a strong feeling that you met me after Mahiru though.”
“Haha… I think I am…"
“One day, I thought it was the time to speak up, and I introduced myself to Mahiru. She instantly accepts me as a friend. But I guess I’m quite weak for this type of person. She’s so naive that I can’t leave her alone, so I practically became an inseparable part of her life from then on…”
(Brrrrrrr-chk!, A sound of the spinning clock stopping)
“Oh… We’re still in this dimension, huh? My priority should be escaping this room…”
“Yeah… I think so…"
“Let’s go, Maya. And sorry if telling stories about Mahiru makes you uncomfortable…”
“Au…"
Clock (Interactable after the plum blossom pot is finished)
(Before pot)
“Why is it spinning like that…?”
(After pot)
“The clock had been spinning since the start, and now it just stopped.”
“What can the clock do? It’s fixed to the wall and it’s impossible to move..."
“4:45 M. That’s long after class finishes. What’s its significance…?”
“I don’t know…"
Mahiru’s bracelet x4
“This bracelet is everywhere… What’s the purpose of this?"
“It does look like the one I’m always wearing. But why was I always wearing a bracelet? That’s the question.”
“Because you like it?"
“No. Definitely not. I’m not the type to buy something like that and wear it.”
“Maybe you received it from someone?"
“That’s what I’m thinking about. But I just can’t think of anyone that will give me a bracelet like this…”
Cabinet
(Before looking at the clock)
“It’s locked. I have to find a 4 digit code…”
(After looking at the clock)
“It’s locked. I have to find a 4 digit code…”
“Rika, could it be related to the clock?"
“It might be…”
After unlocking the cabinet
“And that is… the door to the next room.”
“I wonder how much longer this will last. You can’t have an infinite amount of puzzles, right?"
“If so, it will get boring so fast.”
“Yeah… So, to not waste more time and make you bored, let’s go to the next one, Rika?"
“Okay. But maybe in the end, even if it’s a bit boring, it might not be so bad… Because of this place, I can recover my memories with Mahiru after all…”
“Au… Rika… Can you at least treasure me when you are with me? You’re gonna make me sad—"
(Rika padded Maya’s shoulder.)
“Not only that. One of the reasons it might not be so bad is you. Spending time with you makes my life better. So, don’t be sad.”
“Ah…"
(Maya’s facial expression looks worried.)
“Let’s go. The quicker we get out of here, the quicker we can go do whatever we want. Maya…”
“Yeah… Let’s go…"
(Rika and Maya walk into the closet together.)
(Rika glanced back at the room for a second and thought to herself. Is there anything else she hasn't remembered?)
(Friday. 4th of April. Mahiru. Plum blossoms. Birthday. Bracelet. School stairway. Memory. 4:45 PM. Blood stains. Gift. Friend. Family. Isolation. Alone… Maya…)
(Why did she even forget about Mahiru anyway? It’s this memory, and this memory only?)
(Rika didn’t stop her steps, one of her legs entered another room already. Her body gradually got transported to the next room… That’s the moment she realized.)

Something bad must have happened.

“W-Wait—”

Rika tried to cling on to the previous room, but to no avail.
Because it had already started.
ROOM 5 : Hallway stair | Classroom
[Cut Scene]
Showing in the calendar is the date 4th of April, 2025, the summer that should be hot, yet rain pours down, and a storm rages.

“Rika, can’t we just talk about this?” Mahiru shouting, chasing her up the stairs. Rika staring back at the crying face of her friend. “We don’t have anything to talk about,” she replied coldly.
‘Why does it hurt so much?’
“I don’t even know what you’re even angry about… We’re friends, aren’t we? Friends should talk to each other when they are in trouble, right? Right…?” Her voice’s shaking, as if trying so hard to prevent herself from shattering apart.
‘Why does it have to be like this?’
Rika stopped in the middle of the step, and Mahiru caught up to her. Mahiru’s hand grips on Rika’s in a gentle way as always, like nothing just happened.
“It–it’s your birthday tomorrow. You should be happy, not angry on your birthday! I even have a gift for you!”
“...A gift?”
“Well… it’s not your birthday yet. And the 5th of April lands on Saturday, so I gave it to your mother when I met her last week…”
‘My mom? Really?’
“I-I told her to give it to you tomorrow. But I don’t want to spoil it for you… Ah… But you might be even more angry if I don’t tell you what it is now… That’s bad… What do I do, what do I—”
“Are you serious?”
“Uh?”
“You’re speaking as if my mother will come home on Saturday…”
“...What?”
Mahiru froze. Pure confusion is the only word that could describe her expression right now. Rika’s situation is something alien, something unknown to her. And there’s no way she can understand it.
“Rika… What are you talking about…? How can parents not be there on your birthday—"
“You never understand me, are you?” Rika shook her wrist out of Mahiru’s grasp and ran up the stairs. The girl seemed to get out of her head. “Wait Rika, I’m sorry!” She followed, tried to grab her wrist again, harder than before. Rika shook her off again.
She used too much force this time.
“gasp—”
It was sudden.
Mahiru’s body tilted backward.
Time seemed to slow down.
 {Are you really going to let this happen?}
[Puzzle] (Warps to classroom)
The sound of an argument fills the entire stage.
A time limit of 4 minutes starts.
“find the key”

Box
Enter code 236 to open. Have a symbol - arabic number chart for decoding.

Calendar
Interactable. Click to zoom. Everything is scribbled over except the date 4th

Hand shaped tree
Interactable. Click to zoom. Click a few times and it gives the paper with the number 202

Clock
Interactable. Click to zoom. Adjusting the clock to 09:35 gives a paper with the number 13

Coin-symbol puzzle
Interactable. Click to zoom. (Poem + movable coins + coin placement board).
Correct placement gives a paper with the number 17

In the center of my heart lies guilt—
a wound that never stops aching.

Both my hands are numb,
as if the weight of what I’ve done
presses down and never lifts.

Did I really do this?
The question echoes,
a whisper I can’t silence.

I want to flee this moment,
tear the air, escape its grip.
My left leg obeys—
my right refuses,
rooted deep in dread.

My mind is blank,
a white field after the storm.

Can you even imagine
how it feels—
to stand between motion and memory,
and not know
Which one will break me first?



Box (I doubt anyone will be able to do it fast enough though.)
When the box opens, inside lies a face without eyes, like Rika’s mask.
???: “Why aren’t you leaving yet…?” (Whispering)
???: “Why are you still here…?” (Whispering)
???: “Go… hurry… hurry up…Go… hurry… hurry up…Go… hurry… hurry up…Go… hurry… hurry up…Go… hurry… hurry up… Go… hurry… hurry up… Go… hurryhurryupgohurryuphurryup!!” (voice overlapping and repeating)
???: “...”
???: “GO D–!!!”[ jump scare ]
[Black]

DARK CUTSCENE
The timer hits zero, and the screen cuts to black with the sound of ECG going flatline.

Silence.

If it were a game, Rika would just reset and start again. Pause. Load a save file. Continue trying different choices, over and over, searching for the correct solution of the puzzle until she beats the odds.

However, Rika's not delusional. She knows she cannot do that.

And she knows that saving her in this dream world would change nothing of the real world.

The fact is, this is how it's turned out.

Mahiru's dead.

Mahiru's been dead for a long time.

The first friend, and the only friend Rika's ever had, is dead.

Dead. Gone. Deceased. With her own hands.

Departed. Killed. Murderered. Passed away. Unalived. Lifeless. Perished. Ceased to exist. Breathless. Empty. Forgotten.

She's dead.

Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Deaddeaddeaddeaddeaddeaddeaddeaddeaddeaddeaddeaddeaddeaddeaddeaddeaddeaddeaddead.

This is how things turned out. And there's no redoing.

Mahiru's dead.

...

The silence keeps on going.

"Hgh..." Rika broke it with a whimper. She looked up at Maya, staring at her with a slightly bitter smile.

"Ha... haha... hahahaha... HAHAHAHAHA…" She laughed hysterically. Her tears start to form, dripping down her face.

Maya, watching her from aside, looks genuinely worried.
"W-what? Rika... w-why are you laughing? Are you OK...?"

"Maya... Mahiru... Are you kidding me? Am I kidding myself? What the heck is this..."

Rika's smile fades. She looks down at the void she's floating on, peering into the infinite darkness.

“I remember it now,” she murmured to herself, turning to face Maya. “You're never real, are you?”
"Rika..." Maya reached her hand out to Rika, but Rika shook her hand off, in the same motion that resulted in Mahiru's death.
“No matter how hard I try, I can’t remember how I know you.”
“...”
“There aren’t any pictures of you, no one except me interacts with you.”
“...”
“It makes so much sense now that you are here, in my dream.”
“It is like in some novels, when the character experiences a traumatic event, they create a false memory, forget the real one.”
“Rika...”
Ignoring Maya's existence, Rika looked for the exit door.
“I know I have to go and you would disappear eventually, but stay with me? At least until I left this room?” Rika pleads, she knows it won’t last, but she still wants some time. Maya nods to her request, their hands join as they walk.
The path towards the exit of this room revealed itself decorated with rotten pear blossoms and shards of broken glasses. Rika walked along it, one step at a time, each step cutting into her skin deeper and deeper.

Maya was just watching silently.

The exit isn't that far away, but with Rika being in this state, it might as well be miles away.

The door is now in a few steps, but before she opened it, she stopped and turned around to face Maya.
"I'm—"
The hug from Maya is hard enough to make her squeal and knock the air out of her lungs.
“Rika, I know since the first time I appeared that someday I will be gone.”
“...”
“And this decision is yours to make, not mine. You have to be the one to choose for yourself.”
"But you know what? I don't want that. I don't want you to regret the action you made no matter how unforgivable it is. So, I won't allow you to go alone."

Rika is lost for words.

Maya's arms wrapped around Rika's waist. "The next one is the last room. You need me."

Without waiting for an answer, Maya pushed Rika into the door.

A blinding light flashes all over the void, and the scenery changes to room 6.

ROOM 6
The sound of waves crashing against the shore can be heard from afar. The warm and gentle sunlight shines down over Rika and Maya, who are sitting beside each other.

Rika has never been to a beach before. It's neither because she can't afford it, nor because of her parents' lack of time. Even if she found herself standing over the seaside, she would never dare to look at it.

It's just so... peaceful.
As if the world stops moving, and the only thing that matters is the present moment.

You just absorb the light breeze coming and forget about everything.

You don't need to think.

You don't need to hate.

And that's exactly why Rika always hated the idea of beaches.

It reminds her of what she's missing.

Things she doesn't deserve.

"..."

"Rika."

"Yes."

"We've been through so much, Rika. Anyone would break if they are in the same situation as ours."

"I know."

"I know you know."

"..."

"This world is the place between dream and death. It's the boundary between existing and not existing. You've heard this many times, but people always say life flashes before their eyes when they die. But what these people see is just a retrospective memory."
"What do you mean?"
"Rika, people's lives are long. You cannot compress it all into one second like what those people see. What you get is this long and painful journey across everything you've experienced. By yourself. Alone."
"But I have you here too...?"
“That’s because I am a part of you, Rika” 

Maya patted Rika's head and smiled. Her smile is more sad now.

"B-But I don't really understand you... And if I don't understand you, then we aren't really the same person..."
"Yes. You don't understand me. I am the part of you you chose to deny. I am the part of you you chose to not understand."


"I… I denied a part of myself…"

“That’s fine. I even try to deny myself as much as I can, just like you. You see, the reason why I tried my best to act like I don’t know anything, is so I can spend time with you without that huge burden… Despite knowing that eventually, it would hurt you at the end… I’m sorry too…”

Maya stood up, spread her hands out, and turned toward Rika.

"This world is the place between dream and death. You chose death in the real world, but that decision is without the full context. This place can give you the choice to either live again, or die as your whole self."

The sound of waves stopped. The sunlight slowly dimmed away. The air turns colder. And the wall of simulation shattered into pieces.

The room materializes as a surreal landscape. Each fragment broken from the wall turns into crystal shards floating in the air, reflecting each moment of Rika's life. Everything exists simultaneously, and the past, present, and future are all visible at the same time, flickering like a corrupted save file.

A blank mirror stood in the center of the room.

"To be your whole self, to have the full context, you must understand. Whether you will accept it or not, it's your choice, but understand yourself and others without any hate to blind you."

Maya's voice echoed in the room. Her aura glows even brighter than before.

"Rika, let's inspect each fragments and reassemble the whole picture. And then, the choice is yours."

"...It's ours."

"Yeah..."

Gameplay
(With Rika and Maya commenting on these memory shards)

Family shard
"This is… the living room? It’s not worn down like in that jigsaw puzzle room."
"That’s your mother and grandmother, Rika."
"They are arguing? It’s just as usual, huh?"
"How about we go listen to them carefully? There might be something more than that meets the eyes."
(Rika and Maya approach them to listen to the conversation.)
Haruka, Rika’s mother, is sitting on a sofa, looking down as if to avoid her mother’s gaze.
“Haruka, why is your living room this messy? Since you bought this home, it’s like you never cleaned it once. I think you can do better.”
“Mother… It’s not that messy, I’m sure of it…”
“How many times have I told you to just stay home and watch your kid huh? This is exactly what would happen if you let girls have too much freedom as a kid. And now they all think they can be whatever they want.”
“But I work day and night for your granddaughter!  How do you think we can afford this house and Rika’s tuition?”
“You’re talking back to me, hm? You’re only doing it because you have to. That’s called lazy to me. Also, when will you have a second kid? My neighbor already has 3 grandchildren. Why are you still—”
(The conversation blurs into the background. The constant one-sided conversation continues on until Rika’s grandmother leaves)
"...I never knew my grandmother was like that."
"Actually, you never cared. This conversation is in your memory, but you just never processed it. You only saw the result, your mother’s behavior towards you. But you never understood what caused it."
After the grandmother leaves, Haruka slumps on the sofa, exhausted. She just stared at the ceiling for who knows how long. 
“I just want Rika to be happy,” she murmured to herself.
“Looks like she did try to care about you in her own way after all.”
"So she did care about me…"
"Your mother just wants you to live a happy life. She doesn’t want you to experience what she had to experience as a child. A fussy parent. A strict parent. A self-centered, judgemental, and toxic parent. Maybe she’s not perfect and unknowingly did the same thing her mother does or pushed you away. But she tries."
"I… I can’t blame her for it… She really cared for me, but I… I am the one who ignored her…?"
“You have to understand that it’s not your fault as much as it’s not hers. You both try your best in your own way, and sometimes things can go wrong no matter how hard we try. What matters is that we try to make it better.”
“...”
"Now… Let’s go to another shard…"

School shard
"This is… the classroom…?"
“Good morning! Rika!” A girl carrying a large canvas sat beside her.
"Nana-chan…? What?"
The girl didn’t respond to Rika’s calling, and she started setting up her canvas on the table. It’s like Rika didn’t exist in that space.
"...?"
"Rika, this is a memory shard. You can’t interact with the people inside."
"So, this shard is about my friends…"
Nana-chan, the girl in the portrait in which Rika accused her of sabotaging her work, is drawing her work innocently. Nobody would even suspect her of thinking of such a thing, except Rika.
“Hey, Rika… It might be weird to say this right here, but… I feel like no matter how hard I study, I just can’t get the feeling like you pour into your art. Even if other people don’t see those souls and they voted for my piece in that competition, yours is still so much better in my eyes…”
“I didn’t remember she said that…"
“It’s because of your negative image that you filtered it all out. What you want to hear confirms your suspicion, everything else that contradicts what you had in mind is thrown away…"
“So… please… don’t be disappointed by the result… I want you to have fun drawing again… That one result affects you so much, right? Even when you’re with Asane-san and her friends, you always look sad. She’s worried about you and told me about it… So, please, your art is good the way it is…”
“Asane-san…? That group…?"
“They all think of you as a genuine friend, but you did not. They tried to care about you in their own way, but you interpreted those ways as hurting you. What you think they make fun of you is actually just what normal teenagers talk about. They just don’t know you hate it."
“Ah…Yeah… I... I never told them I was uncomfortable..."
"You didn't. You just assumed they knew. Assumed they were doing it on purpose."
“They just wanted to be friends with me and wanted me to be happy, but I rejected them…?"
"It’s fine, Rika… Let the past be the past. Let’s leave this shard…"

Mahiru shard
"N-No… Not this stair again…"
"But we have to see everything…"
Rika sees Mahiru standing on the stairs alone, with a piece of paper and a sealed box placed beside her. She looks like she’s trying to think of something to write on the paper.
"Is… Is that a gift..? So this is before she gave it to my mother, huh…?"
"Ah… Why is it this hard to think of something with good meanings… It’s even harder than the essay homework…"
Mahiru taps the pen against her chin, deep in thought.
"Happy birthday, Rika-chan…? No, no. That’s too simple… How about, I love you…?”
“...”
”No! Definitely not that!!! She will think of it as a confession… Ah…"
"Why is she thinking so hard about a birthday note…? Can’t she just not put a note in?"
"It’s because she saw you as her friend. And she actually has a message for you, she still hasn't formalized it yet."
Mahiru blushed a little at the thought of confessing. But she quickly got to the thinking mode again.
"Hmm… Rika always looks lonely, but she is a bit more happy with me around… But I can’t be around her all the time. So that means…”
Mahiru finally thought of something and quickly scribbled it down.
"Rika… You are nice…”
"Everyone wants to be friends with you…”
"Let's have fun together with them in the future!”
She looked up, proud of what she just wrote. Then, she stuck that paper onto the gift box, and moved happily to some other place.
"..."
"Rika…?"
"Haha… Of course, what did I expect? It’s exactly the same thing that she said to me on that day, Friday, 4th of April… The same thing that leads to her death…" Her laugh seems more sarcastic than anything else, with a slightest hint of sadness.
"But that’s what she thinks is best for you."
"Yeah… She’s naive. She’s never seen the dark side of the world. She never knew how someone can respond to positivity with pure hatred…"
"At least, you understand her now. She would appreciate it if you think of her fondly, even if she’s not in this world anymore."
"But whether I can do that… I don’t know…"
"Let’s move on, Rika…"
The end
Door 1
    "I choose hope."
    
    Maya said it first, but Rika's soft voice came a fraction of a second later. They made the same choice.

    "I want to believe—believe that people can change. The world is a horrible mess. It's true that I and everyone have done something irredeemable. But if I run away from it, then what? Everything will stay the same, nothing will change."

    "Yes. You made a mistake. Everyone made a mistake. We are all drowning and gasping for air, scrambling for any chance to survive."

    "And in that, they pulled me down."

    "And you pulled them down too. That's what drowning does. You can't blame them."

    "Even if I die, it won't solve anything. They'll still be drowning."

    "Even if others die, it won't solve anything. We'll still be drowning."

    "So I just have to keep swimming, in hope that maybe one day, someone will reach the shore and end this cycle once and for all."

    They walked towards the door. Rika's hand trembled slightly. The weight hasn't lifted, it never will. Yet, she chose to keep carrying it forward. This is the final choice they made by themselves, and the only choice that will satisfy her.

    Rika and Maya fused into one. As they reached out for the handle, the door shimmered and dissolved into light particles scattering in all directions.

    And...

    The scene cuts to black.

    ---

    A steady beat.

    Beep Beep Beep

    Temperature: 36.4 °C
    Heartrate: 86 bpm
    Oxygen: 98%
    Blood pressure: 110/68 mmHg
    Respiratory rate: 16 breaths per minute

    Rika's fingers twitch against a cold and rough bed sheet.

    The hospital's sanitized smell is as strong as ever. Rika doesn't like it.

    "Agh... I want to smell something nicer..."
    
    "You awake? Rika, do you know where you are?"

    "Hospital? W-What happened...? Where is Ma—"

    "Ma?"

    "Ma—"

    Rika is confused about her instinctive action. Who was she looking for? She's always been alone.

    "Do you mean your mama? That would be me though."

    "No... Forget that... Anyway, why are you here after all this time?"

    "Hey, how low do you think of me? How can a mother abandon her child when that child is literally trying to unalive herself?"

    "Huh?"

    "What's that reaction...? Or do you not think of me as your mother anymore? If that's the case, I'm quite sad..."

    "What? No. It’s not like that..."

    Meeting her again in years feels awkward. Their relationship is not like a normal mother-daughter relationship. It's just... awkward.

    This uncomfortable silence continues for a while.

    "This might not be the time…., but here's a gift from one of your friends. I forgot to give it to you before travelling to America. Sorry."

    The mother passed a small box to Rika. There is a note attached to it, written in Mahiru's handwriting.

    The note reads:
    "You're nice. Everyone wants to be friends with you. Let's have fun together with them in the future!"

    Inside, there is a flower.
    
    A plum blossom.

    "If you don't like that message, then you can throw it away. I just want you to know that Mahiru does care about you... That's all..."

    Rika smiled. She murmured, "No... It's fine... Thank you. And... Sorry."

    Rika took out the bracelet that's still on her wrist, Mahiru's bracelet, and placed it in the box.

    Life has always been hard. She has made a great mistake. But for some reason, today, she feels like she has changed to a new skin. She feels like she can start it over again.

    She decides to focus on what will come next and hope it will be better.

    She will try to not make the same mistake again.

    After all, what else can she do?

Door 2
    "I choose peace."
    
    Maya said it first, but Rika's soft voice came a fraction of a second later. They made the same choice.

    "I'm just so tired, Maya... I've fought for so long. Nobody really wants it to happen, but stuff keeps happening and it keeps getting worse and worse."

    "I know... Everyone tries their best in their own broken way, don't they."

    "Yeah, but that act of trying doesn't reach the other side, and their attempt at doing their best just broke more."

    "And Mahiru. And everyone else too..."

    "I just want it to stop, Maya..." Rika sighs, covering her face with her own hands.

   Maya hugs her tightly and Rika melts into the touch. "Then let it stop, Rika. Let's rest here forever, I will be here too. They would be happy to know you've finally escaped the cycle."

    Rika looks at the open door, at the serene field beyond. "It's peaceful there..."

    "Yes."

    "Forever sounds nice..."

    They walked towards the door, hand in hand. This is the final choice they made by themselves, and the only choice that will satisfy her.

    Rika and Maya step out of the void into the endless field of pear blossoms. The sweet smell of the air reminds her of home, the home she's never had. The gentle breeze rustles the petals. They lie down.

    And for the first time in a long, long time, Rika feels finally free.

    And...

    The scene cuts to black.

    ---

    The sound of generic breaking news jingle comes out of a TV.

    "Today, police have confirmed the identity of a girl currently in a coma in the XXX Hospital. The girl's name is Konomi Rika, the daughter of a 40-year-old mother and a 45-year-old father, both running a start-up cryptocurrency business in Silicon Valley. We cannot confirm the whereabouts of the girl's parents at this time. The doctor reported that the damage to Konomi Rika's brain is irrecoverable, and there's little to no chance she will regain consciousness—"

    Black.

    The TV is closed.

    "..."

    A drop of tear falls from a woman's eye.

    "Where has it gone wrong..."

    She's holding a small box. A box she should have given to Rika years ago. There is a note attached to it, written in her daughter's deceased friend's handwriting.

    The note reads:
    "You're nice. Everyone wants to be friends with you. Let's have fun together with them in the future!"

    "If she received this, would she smile? I really doubt it though... She might just be angry that I took this long to give it to her..."

    The mother lies down in despair.

    "Really, where has it gone wrong..."

    The box hit the ground and it opened a little.

    A plum blossom spilled out.

    "Rika... At least you're smiling... I'm happy for you..."

    Rika, she doesn't know it. She doesn't see this plum blossom.

    She doesn't see her mother's reaction to her current state.

    She doesn't see Mahiru's gift that she never received.

    The world, with all its noise and all its pain, moves on without her.

    She is somewhere quiet now. Somewhere kind.

    At peace.

Door 3
    "I choose death."

    Rika said it first, but Maya's soft voice came a fraction of a second later. They made the same choice.

    "I can't carry this burden anymore, Maya. The truth is that I killed Mahiru, I did bad things to everyone, and the truth will stay the same. It's too much..."

    "You are only human, Rika. And you've reached your limit a long time ago."

    "If I go back there, I would just be a burden to others. I would drag them down with me even if I don't intend to do it."

    "It's fine."

    "I don't want to hate myself more than this..."

    "That's totally fine."

    "I—I just want it to end."

    "Then let it end, Rika. Let's go together."

    They walked towards the door. The red spider lily blooms, welcoming them to the land of nothingness. A void even darker than the void they came from.

    This is the final choice they made by themselves, and the only choice that will satisfy her.

    The door swings open.

    No light. No sound. No pain. Nothing.

    Nothing, but Rika and Maya.

    Nothing, but a girl who has committed a grave sin.

    And...

    The scene cuts to black.

    ---

    A steady tone. Continuous. Uninterrupted.

    Beeeeeeeeeeep

    Temperature: 34.2 °C
    Heartrate: 0 bpm
    Oxygen: --%
    Blood pressure: --/-- mmHg
    Respiratory rate: 0 breaths per minute

    Time of death: 3:14 AM

    The nurse removed the respirator and pulled a white sheet over Rika's body.

    "Such a young girl..."

    "Did anyone ever come to visit her?"

    "No..."

    "Hey, but I heard her mother tried to contact the hospital a few days ago. She's trying to book a flight back to Japan."

    "It's too late now... How sad..."

    "Rest in peace, Konomi Rika... Life must have been painful for her to choose such an end. May the next life treat her more gently..."

Door 4
    "I choose to live."

    Maya said it first, but Rika's soft voice came a fraction of a second later. They made the same choice.

    "I... I cannot forgive anyone. Not me. Not them."

    "You don't have to."

    "The world breaks me and everyone else. And it will keep breaking us until we have nothing left”

    "It probably will."

    "Nothing will get better. People of the past had hoped, but those hopes never came true."

    "Even if an old kind of pain stops, a new pain will always come."

    "Then... Why do we choose to live, Maya?"

    "It's because we despise this world."

    Life is painful. Nothing goes as expected.

    But Rika has survived for more than 2 decades, living, breathing in the air of this ugly world.

    She has lived this long out of spite. Why stop now?

    Rika looked at the weathered down door, at the globe thistles growing through the cracks. "That flower's so ugly."

    "I hate it."

    "Me too."

    "...Let's go."

    They walked towards the door. This is the final choice they made by themselves, and the only choice that will satisfy her.

    The door doesn't open easily. Rika pulled hard against the rusty chain to force it open.

    The chain made a loud screech as it snapped.

    Rika and Maya slowly fused into one, and...

    The scene cuts to black.

    ---

    A steady beat.

    Beep Beep Beep

    Temperature: 36.4 °C
    Heartrate: 86 bpm
    Oxygen: 98%
    Blood pressure: 110/68 mmHg
    Respiratory rate: 16 breaths per minute

    Rika's fingers twitch against a cold and rough bed sheet.

    The hospital's sanitized smell is as strong as ever. Rika doesn't like it.

    She doesn't like much of anything, really.

    "Agh... This smell makes me want to vomit..."

    "Rika..."

    Rika looked at the source of the voice. It was her mother.

    "I hate you..."

    "That's the first thing you say after you wake up, huh? Am I that bad of a mother?" Her smile shows only sorrow.

    "Yes, you are."

    "...I'm sorry."

    "It’s fine, I understand now. But I don't forgive you though."

    "Okay..."

    "..."

    "This might not be the right time...., but here's a gift from your friend. I should have given it to you a long time ago, but I never had the chance."

    The mother passed a small box to Rika. There is a note attached to it, written in Mahiru's handwriting.

    The note reads:
    "You're nice. Everyone wants to be friends with you. Let's have fun together with them in the future!"

    Inside, there is a flower.
    
    A globe thistle.

    "If you don't like it, just throw it away. I just want to let you know that that girl does care about—"

    "She was too naive," Rika cuts her mother's sentence.

    "...so you will throw it away, huh? That’s  what I thought..."

    "No, I won't."

    The mother is confused.

    "Why...?"

    "Because it's funny. Her flower taste is just terrible. Haha..."

    Rika lets out a bitter laugh, which then turns into an innocent giggle.

    It doesn't fit the situation at all. But that's all she can do for now.

    Rika took out the bracelet that's still on her wrist, Mahiru's bracelet, and placed it in the box.

    She looked outside the window. The sky is gray, it will probably rain soon.

    And Rika will live on to see it...

