Main story-related document 
Plot Fixing
Intro
Nobody will ever understand you.”
“Your nightmare will never end.”
“It’s just you.”
“It has always been you.”

These phrases keep echoing in Rika's mind, tormenting her every time she goes to sleep. She knows she is asleep. This is the same nightmare, just like every other night. She is used to it. Everyday, she woke up, wishing that she never had. Doing the same thing over and over, hoping things will improve. Reminding herself of the past, even though it has only been biting her from the inside. Suffering another day, just to relive the same nightmare, all over again. 

She hopes that one day, she will just disappear, finally leaving herself at peace.

“Nobody will ever understand you.”
“Your nightmare will never ends”
“It’s just you.”
“It has always been you.”

The phrases echoed again, this time louder than before. As if signaling her to wake up, or maybe, to never wake up again. Maybe the second option would be preferable, she thought to herself. But this time it felt different. A light gust of wind sent shivers through her spine. Usually she couldn’t sense anything in her dream. This is the first time in a while that she actually felt afraid in her nightmare.

Her self-destructive thought passed with the wind, as fear overwhelmed her mind. She is frozen in place, unable to move. All she could do is hope that someone will wake her up.

But no one will. She is alone.

She started mumbling whatever reasoning she could come up with, to convince herself that this is just another nightmare. To make herself believe that she will wake up and continue living as usual, like every other day. But the more she thought about it, her memory of the little time she had with other people started to emerge.

She remembers the time her parents scolded her, the time her friends betrayed her. She’s the one who asked for it, really. But through some twisted logic she had in her head, that’s the best memories she had of them. The fear turned to hatred, hatred toward the world. She started blaming everything that had happened to everyone around her. Every pain she had to suffer, every haunting memory she had to bear, every scar she had to endure.

“But it’s justified, right? I have done nothing to deserve this…” Rika said it to herself while tears ran down her face as her hatred turned to sorrowful disappointment.

(Music stops, make this line powerful)
“Or… maybe I deserved it.”
(Pause)

She falls to knee, whimpering quietly how her existence itself might as well be a mistake. Her thoughts of self-destruction return as if it had never left her in the first place. Perhaps, even stronger than before.

The world around her blurs in a haze. Those voices, those merciless voices attack her again. 
“Nobody will ever understand you.”
“Your nightmare will never end.”
“It’s just you.”
“It has always been you.”
Her fingers clutch the weight of a small plastic bottle. She knows this is one solution to make those voices stop, yet she’s reluctant to use it. There should be a better way—that’s what she’s always wanted to believe. But right now, it’s just too much.

“Yes. It’s always been me. But I will be no more.”

Rika tips the bottle. One by one, the cylindrical capsules entered her mouth, and the scent of pear blossoms permeated throughout her body. The peace she yearned for, the silence she desired, is not that far away anymore.

And then…

(Dead, black)

A soft and gentle touch laid down on her shoulder, reaffirming her that everything will be fine. It freed her of all the despair she had momentary ago, shattering her illusion of solitude, and filled her with pleasure, more than anything could ever give. Without even looking she knew who it was. Of course, it was Maya. She quickly turns around and holds her tight.

Despite all the suffering, there is something that keeps pushing Rika to go on, something that gives her life, hope, and sense of importance. That one thing is Maya, her only friend.

Could it be that she’s not alone after all…?

“Ah… Maya…”
“You seem a little down.” said Maya, wiping tears off Rika’s face “Are you alright?”
“I-I’m fine… I’m the same as usual.” replied Rika
“Uh… You need to stop lying to yourself. You literally overdosed on sleeping pills. How are you fine?”
“Huh?”
“And you’re now in a dream.”
“Huh??? A dream???”
“Hell, yeah! You are.”
“B-But, it felt so real.”

(“As if your nightmares don't feel real… LOL”)

“Maya, what did you just say?”
“Nothing! But Rika, the important thing is, this place kinda sucks. And we don’t know how we’re going to get out of here. You wouldn’t want to be stuck here forever, right?”

Maya points towards the wasteland that is the dreamworld landscape. It’s a desert that stretches across the horizon.

Rika looks around, and there’s nothing but sand.

“...This place sucks. I hate sand. It's rough and irritating and it gets everywhere. There’s nothing to hold on to and it just slips through the cracks of your hand…”
“I think so too.”
“You got any idea on how we can get out?”

Maya facepalmed.

“Rika… I literally said that I don’t know how we’re going to get out like a second ago…”
“Okay. I forgot.”
“Ah… Fine… Just follow me then… I’ll think of something… You go find something that might help.”

(In this section player will learn about basic camera movement, moving between room, basic interaction)
(Rika’s POV moves around the surreal  bracelet)
(The story moves on when Rika interacted with every object and wait 3 seconds)

“Maya, I think that’s all there is in this desert. There doesn’t seem to be anything useful.”
“There is.”
“Huh?”

Suddenly, the surreal desert landscape turns into a shadowy hallway.

“What did you do? Maya?!? How is this possible?”
“I can’t tell you. It’s my trade secret. Just come. Follow my voice.”
“Eh???”

Rika follows Maya's voice through a shadowy hallway.
At the end of the hallway, there is a single door. It resembles RIka’s bedroom door in her parent house.

“What is behind the door, I wonder?” Maya asked Rika.
“I don’t know, but I think I recognized it from somewhere."
“...You really don’t know? Really?”
“What do you expect? I’ve never established myself as a door expert who remembers every door in existence— W-wait…”
“You remember it now?”
“I couldn’t figure it out. Wait…”
“...”
“Ah!”
“What is it?”
“I think I know… It was my bedroom… my old bedroom.”
“Oh? Let’s get in? I want to see what your room looks like!”
“Hey, it’s just like another bedroom. Don’t get your hopes up.”

The two hold hands and walk into the room together.
Door shut behind them

ROOM 1 : Rika’s bedroom
“It’s exactly how I remember it.”
“I doubt so. Why would a child’s room be this decrepit and worn down? This room looks like it hasn’t been cleaned in decades.”
“I mean, its layout is exactly like how I remember it. Don’t just take everything so literally, Maya. My childhood room is cleaned at least twice a day.”
“...Let’s stop arguing and find a way out, shall we? The figure in the middle looks suspicious…”

Figure of herself (FORCED TO BE THE FIRST)
“Hello, who are you?”
“...”
“...”
“...”
“So it’s not a talking doll like what I used to see in the movie…”
“It kinda looks like you though, Rika?”
“And it was drawing something too… Just like me…”
“Hmm? Did you like drawing as a child? I never knew that before.”
“It was just a childish drawing though. I don’t have any talent in anything, really. Maybe I just want to impress my parents.”
“By drawing?”
“What else can a child do? Compose music? Study software architecture? Invent a cure for cancer?”
“You don’t have to be sarcastic for everything, Rika… And are they impressed by your childish drawing?”
“Nah… Not at all… I don’t know if they have any experience with being an art teacher or not, but somehow they can always find something to criticize in my work…”
“Aw… How cruel… That can ruin a child’s imagination, don’t they know that?”
(“Pock”, sound of crayon snapping in half. Rika’s figure started to cry.)
“...”
“...”
“You crybaby?”
“That’s not wrong. But you’re probably the same… Or are you saying you’ve never been a child before?”
“...”
“Haha… Never mind. Let’s find this little Rika some replacement crayons…”
(UI for crayon progress shows up)
Blue Crayon (Outside, directly accessible)
“There it is, a blue crayon.”
“Let’s give it to her.”
Toys box key (Used to retrieve the red crayon)
“Ah! This rusty key is for the toy box. I wonder if it still works with all this rust…”
“Rika, why is the toy box locked? Aren’t you supposed to play with them?”
“I read in a book that by keeping stuff locked up, a child can learn to be responsible. So I asked my parents for a lockable box.”
“You mean… the child Rika read a book about how to raise a child, then try to follow it to raise yourself…? Why…?”
“Who knows? I don’t even understand myself.”
Red Crayon (Inside toy box)
(Before having the key)
“It’s locked…”
(After having the key)
“Got it. The red one.”
“Red, just like blood…”
“Uh… Why are you thinking of blood? Is there something wrong?”
“I’m not sure. But that word comes to my mind first… Where does it come from…?”
“Don’t worry about that, Rika. I’m sure it’s nothing significant. Let’s give the crayon to her.”
Flashlight (Used to retrieve the green crayon)
“That’s the flashlight I used after I turned off the light to navigate to my bed.”
“Scared of ghosts, Rika?”
“Not really. If there were ghosts, I would want to see it with my own eyes, and I wouldn’t be able to see without a flashlight.”
“...”
Green Crayon (Under the bed)
(Before having the flashlight)
“There’s nothing on the bed.”
“Rika, I can’t see what’s under there. It’s too dark…”
“Then, let’s investigate other things first.”
(After having the flashlight)
Jump scare? Idk how to write it. + red spider lily
“Phew… What in the world…”
“Ah, Rika! Use the flashlight to look under here!”
“Ok.”
"There it is. The green crayon. It rolled all the way to the back."
“Let’s give it to her. I don’t want to stay with whatever that jumpscare is any longer.”
Pear Blossom Pot (On the bedside table)
“What flower is this? Do you know, Rika?”
“It’s Rika.”
“...? I know your name. Or did I pronounce it wrong?”
“No, I mean, the flower is Rika, a pear blossom. My parents named me after it.”
“Aww… Naming a daughter after a flower is such an adorable thing to do…”
“Involuntarily naming someone after a flower of peace and purity, and then having that daughter live a life without peace isn’t considered adorable in my eyes though…”
“Sorry to hear that…”
“Anyway, it’s already withered. Don’t linger on dead plants too much.”
Window (With children playing outside)
“There are kids playing outside.”
“Don’t you want to go with them?”
“No. Trying to create a good drawing is hard enough.”
“...Really? You don’t want to play with others even a bit?”
“Maybe I’ll like it if I get to play with them. But my parents never really introduce me to them, so… I don’t know.”
Door to previous room (Occasional knocking)
[Each knock goes to the next state dialogue]
First knock
Rika opened the door, but there’s nothing outside.
“What’s that? Is there anyone outside?”
“No.”
“...Okay?”
Second knock
Rika opened the door, but there’s still nothing outside.
“Again? Is there anyone playing prank on us?”
“It’s in my dream. How can someone enter my dream and play a prank on me?”
“Then, what is it…?”
“I don’t know.”
Final knock (LOUD BANGING)
Rika opened the door. Jump scare? Idk how to write it. + red spider lily
“...Okay, I accept that someone may be playing a prank on us.”
“So, who is that someone? Do you know?”
“I don’t. Let’s leave this room before they get even crazier.”
Crayon Paintings (Scattered on the floor)
[Click to pick up -> image pop up]
Beach image with Rika & parents & pear blossom tree
“A beach? You traveled there with your parents?”
“No. They never bring me anywhere on their own really.”
“That’s sad…”
“Maybe back then, I still wanted to go. But now I don’t want to go there anyway. Beaches are not my style.”
Globe thistle flower
“What’s that flower?”
“It’s ugly, isn’t it?”
“N-No… Your drawing is quite on the realistic side. Good job! Haha…”
“I’m talking about the flower itself. Not my drawing skill.”
“Ah… In that case… Is it really ugly though? It’s just a flower.”
“I don’t know about you, but I think it’s ugly. And that’s why I drew it.”
Something very impressive? Artists can do whatever they want
“You really drew that?!?”
“Yes I did.”
“And you said you don’t have talent in art…”
“It’s only because you don’t know art, Maya. The perspective is awful in this picture.”
Abstract art scribbles
“...”
“...”
“...”
“Aren’t you going to comment on anything?”
“I cannot understand this piece.”
“Me neither.”
Mahiru’s bracelet x2
Not interactable
After giving every crayon to Rika figure
(Rika’s figure stopped crying.)
“Finally… She stopped crying.”
“Look. Her hands move again. She’s drawing.”
“And she will probably keep drawing for a long long time. Until the day her age reaches the range applicable by the compulsory education law, where I’m forced to go out.”
“Why can’t you just say until she starts going to school?”
(Door unlocking sound)
“Ah… Anyway, it seems like the door has unlocked. Let’s go to the next room.”

ROOM 2 : Living room
“So this is a living room, right?”
“I think so”
“It looks even older and messier than your bedroom…”
“Not my fault. Cleaning is not my responsibility, and I don’t get to decide which room gets more attention.”
“I didn’t blame you for it though… Hey! What’s that jigsaw board? Has it always been there?”
“Definitely not that I know of.”
Jigsaw board (FORCED TO BE THE FIRST)
“Hm…”
“You’ve never seen a jigsaw board in the living room, right?”
“No. Never.”
“One, two, three, four, five, six? There’s six pieces missing, Rika.”
“So this is what this room is about, huh? Finding jigsaws…”
(UI for jigsaw progress shows up)
Family portrait (+1 jigsaw) + Globe thistle
“Is this your family portrait? You look normal, happy even…”
“Let me tell you something. The shutter speed of a normal camera is about 10 milliseconds. And anyone can fake smiling for 10 milliseconds.”
“Au… Do you not want to smile that much…?”
“Smiling is fine. I just don’t like faking it.”
“Okay Rika. You can do whatever you want… Also, who’s that old woman in the back? Photobombing?”
“Are you kidding me? That’s my maternal grandmother. She’s not on good terms with my mother though.”
“Why though? Shouldn’t mother and daughter be nice to each other?”
“It’s their family matter. I don’t intend to dig deep into it.”
“But… You are their family…?”
“You don’t need to care about them. I’ve got the jigsaw piece behind the portrait already. Let’s go.”
“Okay, Rika…”
Friend portrait 1 (+1 jigsaw) + Globe thistle
“Your elementary school friend! So cute!”
“...She sabotaged my artwork though.”
“Eh? How? Why?”
“In art class, she always complimented me and asked me to teach her art.”
“Aha? And then?”
“She has a talent that I don’t have. In just 2 months, she surpassed me completely.”
“That must be hard on you…”
“And then after that, she intentionally enters every competition I entered and eventually takes the top places away from me. And somehow, she tries to console me for my lack of skills… How irritating…”
“Rika…”
“The teacher definitely knew it, but they never did anything. In the end, we moved on to separate middle school. I haven’t seen her in years now. This picture is her last gift to me before we went our separate ways.”
“...”
“Anyway, I got the jigsaw already. Let’s go.”
Friend portrait 2 (+1 jigsaw) + Globe thistle
“Is this one of your friends at school?”
“Yes… She was weird though. I’m quite uncomfortable with her around.”
“How? She doesn’t look weird in this picture?”
“One day, I was eating, and she and her friend group just decided they would talk to me. And so they sit down opposite of me and start talking.”
“And… you don’t want to talk to her group, Rika?”
“Don’t think of me like that. I don't have social anxiety, you know? It’s just like… she’s made fun of me.”
“Made fun of you? Au… You’ve no luck in finding friends, huh?”
“Who in the world starts a conversation with a dirty joke? And why are they so insistent on asking me whether I have a crush on someone or not? And to make it worse, the group pressure discourages me from walking out of it too.”
“That’s like… uh… a new form of bully…?”
“You can call it whatever you want, but almost everyone in school is like that, and it makes my life miserable. But anyway, I found a jigsaw behind the portrait here. Let’s go.”
Textbook (+1 jigsaw)
“Oh! Oh! A textbook! What are you studying at elementary school? I want to know.”
“This one is Japanese. Do you want to do kanji practice or something?”
“Ouch… I don’t want to do it…”
“You’re this old and you’re telling me you can’t read kanji? Come on, what does…”
(Rika opens to a random page)
“What does 昼 means?”
“...”
“Oh, there’s a jigsaw in this kanji textbook.”
“Great, but… What does 昼 mean though…”
“It means… Uh…”
“Rika, are you telling me you can’t read kanji after teasing me like that?”
“No no. That kanji reads ‘Hiru’ and it means day. I know it. But it’s like… weird… Like something’s missing…”
“Oh, it’s that one.”
“Anyway, let’s not waste more time and continue the puzzle.”
Mother’s safe (+1 jigsaw)
(locked)
“It's a safe container. But where’s the input pad, Rika?”
“Can you see it?”
“No…”
“Then how can I see it? Do you think I have superhuman vision or something?”
“Au… Sorry…”
(unlocked) password is 6241 and binary from lamp i also dk
“Ooh! It’s unlocked.”
“Just get the jigsaw and close it. There might be something you don’t want to see inside.”
“W-What? Why would your family collect something so scary in a safe?”
“It’s a tax invoice.”
“Wow. That’s terrifying… Is this what horror is about…?”
Lamp 1
(Can toggle on or off)
Lamp 2
(Can toggle on or off)
Lamp 3 (+1 jigsaw when touched the first time)
(Can toggle on or off)
Paper piece
“6241? What are these numbers?”
“It might be useful, Rika. Maybe you should remember them.”
Television
(You can interact to open it, and it only shows a number)
(The number shown is a binary of Lamp 1,2,3 combined, from 0-7)
(The number, if the same as the safe’s password, will unlock the password)
(Wrong / Still not unlocked)
“Is this TV broken…? Why is it showing only number XXX ???”
“There must be something wrong with it…”
(The safe is unlocked now)
Jump scare? Idk how to write it. + red spider lily
Eyes staring with revenge feelings

“...”
“...”
“I think I heard the sound of something clicking. Is it the safe?”
“Why can you ignore whatever that thing is just like that…? You’re too strong…”
Vase
“It’s a vase…”
“Is there a jigsaw inside?”
“There’s only one way to find out…”
(Rika smashes the vase, and it breaks.)
(Creepy insects crawl out)
“Ahhhhh!!! Insects!!!”
“There’s nothing inside.”
Blood stain
“Blood stain…?”
“Why is there a blood stain?”
“Wait… I feel like I might be able to remember something…”
“Rika, why can you remember something related to a blood stain…”
“I don’t know, but it feels like it’s an important topic… Wait a bit…” + distort effects
“Rika. You don’t have to try to dig up memories if it looks bad. It will only hurt you…”
“Ha… I don’t know…”
“It’s fine, Rika. Let’s look at other stuff.”
Broken mirror
Not interactable
Mahiru’s bracelet x3
Not interactable
After assembling the jigsaw
“It’s finished…”
“What will happen now…?”
(A low grinding sound. A section of the wall slides away, revealing a dark, sterile school hallway)
“Of course, a school hallway. The place everyone loves.”
“...?”
“Maya, don’t you love the place called hallway? A place where you can do fun things, like… walking… and, uh, waiting… And also… greeting teacher…?”
“You’re acting weird, Rika.”
“…”
“Rika…?”
“I-I… I just feel kind of uneasy… It doesn’t make sense here though. This hallway looks less scary than this room. Why…”
“Rika… Can you go on?”
“Don’t worry. I’m fine… Let’s go.”
(Rika walks slowly toward the hallway, her expression unreadable.)

ROOM 3 : School’s hallway
“Looks like we’re at your high school,” Maya said, skipping through the hallway as Rika walked behind her, trying her best to force her face to create a small smile. Her face pale like a paper, her body starts to shake. Rika tries to stop it, but she can’t.
(Everything was fine, really. There should be nothing she’s worried about. She just hasn't visited the school for a long time, that’s it.)
“Hey Rika, do you think we can get to the lower floor? Or is it gonna be the loopy stair thing?” The girl goes 2-3 steps down then turns around to talk to her, at the stairs.
The stairs…
(“Rika, I really want you to have more fun…” @$## said, she stared down at Rika from the stairs above. The sun was setting. Almost everyone headed home by now, except for them)
She can’t even remember what they’re fighting about that day. Maybe it’s @$##’s fault, maybe it’s hers.
It has to be hers, right?
Are we even fighting in the first place?
“Rika? You don't look fine right now. What happened…?” 
(She frowned a little bit, staring back at the crying face of her friend. “In the end, you didn’t understand me even a bit, did you?,” she said, turning away. Everything after that seems to pass in a blur, she can’t remember anymore of it.)
Except the body the bottom of the stairs
The body…
Red…
Blood stain…
“RIKA! Can you hear me?!?”
(“What do you think?” some guy asked, “Did she kill her?”) + red spider lily
(“Well, they didn’t arrest her though,” the other guy answered, “but who knows? Maybe it's true. Afterall, she does look a bit anti-social. She literally talks to no one except @$##. If I were to think of the crime from a view of a mystery novel, she has a motive that makes the most sense.”) + red spider lily
Rika hadn’t cared about them, she didn't know them, but what if they were right? It’s all her fault, after all.
God she can’t breathe.
Someone asks her something, but she can’t hear it, not with all these noises telling her that it’s her fault. Her head darted around to find the person who was speaking to her.
“I - ” God she can’t breathe.
Rika was taking in small, harsh breaths, it’s not enough. Everything looks blurry, everything sounds muffled. She felt arms wrap around her, a calm voice told her to breathe.
“Shhh, you don’t have to say sorry, it’s not your fault , just breathe.”
Did she say something? She didn’t even know she was speaking. She’s try to shut up, but she can’t control her mouth, she can’t stop –
((Spam clicking to calm down)) 
“Breathe Rika, breathe,” The calm voice started again. And this time, she followed.
((Faded black))
ROOM 4 : Classroom
“Wa - What happened?”
“Hey, you're finally up,” Maya said, a small grim appearing on her face. “You passed out. I cleared the last room for you. Want to talk about what happened?”
“No”
“Ok”
“...”
“...”
“...”
“It’s fine… You can take your time. ”
“I’m sorry… To be honest, I’m still not quite sure what happened. But it really looks like a part of my memory is missing.”
“Let’s talk about this later, right now we have to get out of here, yeh?"
“...”
“...?”
“Before we go to solve some puzzle, can I ask you something… Just to make sure…”
“Y-Yes…?"
“Maya. As you can see, I have a lot of old memories. But what’s funny is that you’re not in them despite the feeling that we’ve been together for a long time… Did I meet you in high school?”
“Um… I think so? Or maybe it could be that we met a long time ago and forgot, and we reunite again? Just like in some anime? Haha…?"
“...”
“Hehe…?"
“For some reason, I cannot recall the first time we met, and how we got this close. What do you think about that? Do you remember the first time we met?”
“Uh… Well… My memory isn’t that good either. So I don’t know… But our relationship right now is good right? What’s the point of asking that…?"
“You are panicking.”
“I… I wasn’t panicking… It was just so scary here… Look, there’s eyes everywhere, you see?"
“…”
“Okay. Fine. Let’s get out of this room…”
Blackboard [3 wrong attempts and ????????]
glowing effects in the days to show only that part is interactable
“This scribbling is too much. What’s wrong with the writer…"
“What do you want? It’s a horror puzzle. Just solve it.”
(After solved)
“Phew… That’s quite confusing."
“...”
“Rika?"
“Friday…?”
“Yes, the answer is Friday. What about it?"
“4th of April, Friday…?”
“If I remember correctly, your birthday is the 5th of April, right? This date would be one day before your birthday."
“That would be right.”
“So, happy birthday…?"
“That’s not how it works. But… I feel weird... It’s like something’s missing.”
“Something? What’s missing, Rika?"
“I feel like I’m somehow missing out on a gift I should have received…? I’ve never once received a gift from my parents in the first place though… Why…?”
“Uh… Maybe it’s just you being tired. You’re overthinking i—"
(CRASH!, A sound of plum blossom pot in the corner breaking)
“!!?”
Plum blossom pot (Interactable after the blackboard is finished)
“This flower… It’s a plum blossom.”
“Like, the one in your name, Rika?"
“No. That's a pear blossom. This is plum. The color is different.”
“Why does it break..?"
“Let’s clean it up first.”
(After cleaned up)
“That flower is so beautiful. Why would someone break it like that, even if it’s in a dream…"
“...”
“...”
“...”
“Rika?"
“...”
“Yes.”
“It is… beautiful…”
“...”
“Haha…”
“Rika?"
“Mahiru… How can I forget you? My first real friend…”
“...Rika, you remember her now?"
“Yeah… I met her first when I entered high school. She was always wearing a plum blossom with her and always acted very stupidly and cute.”
“In the middle of an environment where everyone tries to manipulate others for their own needs, she is just there, enjoying life with me.”
“You seem very fond of her… How is she different from others?"
“Well, firstly, she’s not special at all. No talent. Not popular. Nothing notable except her extreme naivety. She never wanted to learn art from me. She never wanted to talk to me. She just sit beside me all the time, at every chance possible.”
“Isn’t that… weird…?"
“It is. It’s super weird having someone following me like that and not even trying to speak to me. But it somehow felt comfortable. It’s like… that’s the thing I’d been wanting all along. Just someone, being with me, being happy… Then, as if that happiness can be transmitted through air, the scent of the plum blossom enters my nose and I feel like I’m allowed to be happy too…”
“And that’s why you consider her your first actual friend…"
“Are you jealous? I can’t pinpoint the exact date, but I have a strong feeling that you met me after Mahiru though.”
“Haha… I think I am…"
“One day, I thought it was the time to speak up, and I introduced myself to Mahiru. She instantly accepts me as a friend. But I guess I’m quite weak for this type of person. She’s so naive that I can’t leave her alone, so I practically became an inseparable part of her life from then on…”
(Brrrrrrr-chk!, A sound of the spinning clock stopping)
“Oh… We’re still in this dimension, huh? My priority should be escaping this room…”
“Yeah… I think so…"
“Let’s go, Maya. And sorry if telling stories about Mahiru makes you uncomfortable…”
“Au…"
Clock
(Before pot)
“The clock had been spinning since the start, and now it just stopped.”
(After pot)
“The clock had been spinning since the start, and now it just stopped.”
“What can the clock do? It’s fixed to the wall and it’s impossible to move..."
“9:35 AM. That’s 5 minutes after the class starts. What’s its significance…?”
“I don’t know…"
Mahiru’s bracelet x4
“This bracelet is everywhere… What’s the purpose of this?"
“It does look like the one I’m always wearing. But why was I always wearing a bracelet? That’s the question.”
“Because you like it?"
“No. Definitely not. I’m not the type to buy something like that and wear it.”
“Maybe you received it from someone?"
“That’s what I’m thinking about. But I just can’t think of an instance where I received the bracelet…”
Cabinet
(Before looking at the clock)
“It’s locked. I have to find a 4 digit code…”
(After looking at the clock)
“It’s locked. I have to find a 4 digit code…”
“Rika, could it be related to the clock?"
“It might be…”
After unlocking the cabinet
“And that is… the door to the next room.”
“I wonder how much longer this dream will last. You can’t have an infinite amount of puzzles, right?"
“If so, it will get boring so fast.”
“Yeah… So, to not waste more time and make you bored, let’s go to the next one, Rika?"
“Okay. But maybe in the end, even if it’s a bit boring, it might not be so bad… Because of this dream, I can recover my precious memory with Mahiru after all…”
“Au… Rika… Can you at least treasure me when you are with me? You’re gonna make me sad—"
(Rika padded Maya’s shoulder.)
“Not only that. One of the reasons it might not be so bad is you. Spending time with you makes my life better. So, don’t be sad.”
“Ah…"
(Maya’s facial expression looks worried.)
“Let’s go. The quicker we get out of here, the quicker we can go do whatever we want. Maya…”
“Yeah… Let’s go…"
(Rika and Maya walk into the closet together.)
(Rika glanced back at the room for a second and thought to herself. Is there anything else she hasn't remembered?)
(Friday. 4th of April. Mahiru. Plum blossoms. Birthday. Bracelet. School stairway. Memory. 9:35 AM. Blood stains. Gift. Friend. Family. Isolation. Alone… Maya…)
(Why did she even forget about Mahiru anyway? It’s this memory, and this memory only?)
(Rika didn’t stop her steps, one of her legs entered another room already. Her body gradually got transported to the next room… That’s the moment she realized.)

Something bad must have happened.

“W-Wai—”

Rika tried to cling on to the previous room, but to no avail.
Because it had already started.

ROOM 5 : Hallway stair | Classroom
[Cut Scene]
Showing in the calendar is the date 4th of April, 2025, the summer that should be hot, yet rain pours down, and a storm rages.

“Rika, why are you running away from me…?” Mahiru said, chasing Rika up the stairs.
“I have nothing to say to you.”
{Why…?}
“I don’t even know what you’re even angry about… We’re friends, aren’t we? Friends should talk to each other when they are in trouble, right? Right…?”
{It hurts so much…}
{Why does it have to be like this?}
Rika stopped in the middle of the step, and Mahiru caught up to her.
Mahiru’s hand grips on Rika’s in a gentle way as always, like nothing just happened.
“Also, it’s your birthday tomorrow. You should be happy, not angry on your birthday! I even have a gift for you! I think you will like it… hehe…”
“...A gift? Where?”
“Um… Sadly, it’s not your birthday yet. And this year, the 5th of April lands on Saturday, so I gave it to your kind mother when I met her last week…”
{My kind mother… Really…?}
“I-I told her to give it to you tomorrow. But I don’t want to spoil it for you… Ah… But you might be even more angry if I don’t tell you what it is now… That’s bad… What do I do, what do I—”
“Are you serious?”
“Eh?”
“You’re speaking as if my mother will come home on Saturday…”
“...What?”
Mahiru froze. Pure confusion is the only word that could describe her expression right now. Rika’s situation is something alien, something unknown to her. And there’s no way she can understand it.
“Rika… What are you talking about…? How can parents not be there on your birthday—"
“You’re speaking as if they’re acting like parents to me…”
A clap of thunder echoed around the sky.
“W-Why are you talking about them like that? If they don’t have time, they might be very busy trying to—”
“You’re speaking as if they care about me at all…”
A streak of lightning split the dark clouds in the background.
“Ah… Okay, okay… A-At least, you have me right…? If you and your parents aren’t on good terms, you can rely on friends. That’s what we are for. So… Just as I say… Let’s make a lot of friends and have fun—”
{“Let’s make a lot of friends and have fun…”}
A sharp gust of wind pushed the corridor’s windows open. An ominous sky hovering over the entire scene. But those chaotic sounds and sights are practically unnoticeable to Rika, as her mind is more tumultuous than the storm itself.
“Hahaha…” The corner of her mouth twitched, and Rika’s distorted laugh spilled out of her involuntarily.
“R-Rika…?”
Rika started to climb the stairs again. Away from Mahiru.
“...In the end, even you don’t understand me.”
“Wait…!”
“Make a lot of friends and have fun… Are you serious? If you are, then I really don’t have anything to say to you anymore…”
Rika reaches the top floor, and continues going up the stairs that lead to the rooftop, the rooftop where the thunderstorm is going on at full force.
Mahiru ran up.
“Rika… Wait…”
Rika is in front of the rooftop door, and Mahiru catches up to her again.
“Rika!!!”
“I said I have nothing to say!”
Rika’s hand shot out, shoving Mahiru’s hand away.
“gasp—”
It was sudden.
Mahiru’s body tilted backward.
Water leaked in from the windows, and the floor is wet.
Wet floor.
Her foot, Mahiru’s foot, slipped.
"Ah—"
Time seemed to slow down.
 {Are you really going to let this happen?}

[Puzzle] (Warps to classroom)
The sound of an argument fills the entire stage.
A time limit of 4 minutes starts.
“find the key”

Box
Enter code 236 to open. Have a symbol - arabic number chart for decoding.

Calendar
Interactable. Click to zoom. Everything is scribbled over except the date 4th

Hand shaped tree
Interactable. Click to zoom. Click a few times and it gives the paper with the number 202

Clock
Interactable. Click to zoom. Adjusting the clock to 09:35 gives a paper with the number 13

Coin-symbol puzzle
Interactable. Click to zoom. (Poem + movable coins + coin placement board).
Correct placement gives a paper with the number 17

“In the center of my heart lies guilt.
Both my hands are numb, as if something heavy is crushing them.
Did I really do this…?
I want to escape from this situation right now.
My left leg moves forward promptly, but my right one won’t follow 
it’s stuck, frozen to the ground.
My mind is blank.
Can you even imagine how I feel?”

Box (I doubt anyone will be able to do it fast enough though.)
When the box opens, inside lies a face without eyes, like Rika’s mask.
???: “Why aren’t you leaving yet…?” (Whispering)
???: “Why are you still here…?” (Whispering)
???: “Go… hurry… hurry up…Go… hurry… hurry up…Go… hurry… hurry up…Go… hurry… hurry up…Go… hurry… hurry up… Go… hurry… hurry up… Go… hurry… hurry up…Go… hurry… hurry up…” (voice overlapping and repeating)
???: “...”
???: “GO D–!!!”[ jump scare ]
[Black]

DARK CUTSCENE
The timer hits zero, and the screen cuts to black with the sound of ECG going flatline.

Silence.

If it were a game, Rika would just reset and start again. Pause. Load a save file. Continue trying different choices, over and over, searching for the correct solution of the puzzle until she beats the odds.

However, Rika's not delusional. She knows she cannot do that.

And she knows that saving her in this dream world would change nothing of the real world.

The fact is, this is how it's turned out.

Mahiru's dead.

Mahiru's been dead for a long time.

The first friend, and the only friend Rika's ever had, is dead.

Dead. Gone. Deceased. With her own hands.

Departed. Killed. Slaughtered. Passed away. Unalived. Lifeless. Perished. Ceased to exist. Breathless. Empty. Forgotten.

She's dead.

Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead.

This is how things turned out. And there's no redoing.

Mahiru's dead.

...

The silence keeps on going.

"Hgh..." Rika broke it with a growl. She looked up at Maya, staring at her with a slightly bitter smile.

"Ha... haha... hahahaha... HAHAHAHAHA...", she laughed hysterically.

Maya, watching her from aside, looks genuinely worried.
"W-what? Rika... w-why are you laughing...?"

"Maya... Mahiru... Are you kidding me? Or to be precise, am I kidding myself? What the heck is this..."

Rika's smile fades. She looks down at the void she's floating on, peering into the infinite darkness.

"Our human subconscious are quite funny, aren't they? Whenever a traumatic event occurs, we always deny it to save our conscious self from the truth. The only thing that makes my case different is that I never moved on from it... A normal, healthy person would break out of denial, then get angry, and finally accept the truth in a few weeks or months. However... I got stuck in the swamp of denial for such a long time that I forgot that I was even trapped in it in the first place..."

"Rika..." Maya reached her hand out to Rika, but Rika shook her hand off, in the same motion that resulted in Mahiru's death.

Maya's eyes widened.

"You're wondering why after knowing the truth, I can shake you off like that. Am I right? Of course I am! You are my creation after all. And now you're thinking of asking me if I'm okay. Well, I'm not! Thank you for asking though, but how can I be okay after all this??? How can I be okay after knowing I've been selfishly running away from my own problem?"

Rika revealed her twisted face, and her painful tears, and her trembling mouth, all of which made worse by the hyperventilation which makes her look like she's about to explode.

"Haaaa" She gasped for air with a deep breath, but that amount of oxygen only lasted for at most a few seconds before she hyperventilated again.

Rika looked around, ignoring Maya's existence, and looked for the exit door.

"Let me tell myself this... It's creepy to have an imaginary friend at this age. Turning a blind eye to something you can't handle is just pathetic and unforgivable... The problem won't be solved by just waiting. It's exactly what those parents did to me. It's exactly what my friends and teachers did to me. It's exactly what the world has always done to me... I can't rely on Maya, on illusion. I need to face— Ah..."

The path towards the exit of this room revealed itself decorated with rotten pear blossoms and shards of broken glasses. Rika walked along it, one step at a time, each step cutting into her skin deeper and deeper.

Maya was just watching silently.

The exit isn't that far away, but with Rika being in this state, it might as well be miles away.

The door is now in a few steps, but before she opened it, she stopped and turned around to face Maya.

"I'm—"

But without being able to finish her sentence, her vision started to blur, and the impact of Maya's slap hit her face with such force that it could break a person's skull.

Rika fell to the ground.

"Ow... WHAT WAS THAT FO—"

Maya pinched Rika's hair to bring Rika's face closer to hers.

And after looking into Maya's eyes, Rika's lost for words.

The normal Maya is long gone now. Her face is as distorted as Rika herself.

"You, Rika, can deny me all you want. I won't stop you. I know you. I am you. And I know you're not the type of person to willingly want to run away from everything. But you know what? I know, for a fact too, that you cannot handle the truth, at least not in this state. If this keeps on going, you will die alone, without friends, pathetic, like what you've always been. Isn't it such a fitting end for us?"

Rika's body straightened as Maya lifted her head up. Her face is in shock.

Then, Maya released Rika's hair after she assumed the standing position.

Maya lovingly tidies up Rika's wrinkled clothes, wipes the blood from her face, and kisses her forehead.

"But you know what? I don't want that. I don't want you to regret the action you made no matter how unforgivable it is. So, I won't allow you to go alone."

Rika is lost for words.

Maya's arms wrapped around Rika's waist. "The next one is the last room. You need me."

Without waiting for an answer, Maya pushed Rika into the door.

A blinding light flashes all over the void, and the scenery changes to room 6.
ROOM 6
The sound of waves crashing against the shore can be heard from afar. The warm and gentle sunlight shines down over Maya and Rika, who are sitting beside each other.

Rika has never been to a beach before. It's neither because of financial problems, nor because of her parents' disapproval. Even if she found herself standing over the seaside, she would never dare to look at it.

It's just so... peaceful. Kind.

As if the world stops moving, and the only thing that matters is the present moment.

You just absorb the light breeze coming and forget about everything.

You don't need to think.

You don't need to hate.

And that's exactly why Rika always hated the idea of beaches.

It reminds her of what she's missing.

"..."

"Rika."

"Yes."

"We've been through so much, Rika. Anyone would break if they are in the same situation as ours."

"I know."

"I know you know."

"..."

"This world is the place between dream and death. It's the boundary between existing and not existing. You've heard this many times, but people always say life flashes before their eyes when they die. But what these people see is just a retrospective memory."

"What do you mean?"

"Rika, people's lives are long. You cannot compress it all into one second like what those people see. What you get is this long and painful journey across everything you've experienced. By yourself. Alone."

"But I have you here too...?"

"Haha... And now you're recognizing me as something real, huh?"

Maya patted Rika's head and smiled.

"T-That slap... It reminded me that I don't understand you... And if I don't understand you, then we aren't really the same person..."

Rika blushed.

"Yes. You don't understand me. I am the part of you you chose to deny. I am the part of you you chose to not understand."

"I… I denied a part of myself…"

“That’s fine. I even try to deny myself as much as I can, just like you. You see, the reason why I tried my best to act like I don’t know anything, is so I can spend time with the cute innocent Rika without that huge burden… Despite knowing that eventually, you would hate it… I’m sorry too…”

Maya stood up and spread her hands out.

"This world is the place between dream and death. You chose death in the real world, but that decision is without the full context. This place can give you the choice to either live again, or die as your whole self."

The sound of waves stopped. The sunlight slowly dimmed away. The air turns colder. And the wall of simulation shattered into pieces.

The room materializes as a surreal landscape. Each fragment broken from the wall turns into crystal shards floating in the air, reflecting each moment of Rika's life. Everything exists simultaneously, and the past, present, and future are all visible at the same time, flickering like a corrupted save file.

A blank mirror stood in the center of the room.

"To be your whole self, to have the full context, you must understand. Whether you will accept it or not, it's your choice, but understand yourself and others without any hate to blind you."

Maya's voice echoed in the room. Her aura glows even brighter than before.

"Rika, let's inspect each fragments and reassemble the whole picture. And then, the choice is yours."

"...It's ours."

"Yeah..."

Gameplay
(With Rika and Maya commenting on these memory shards)

Family shard
"This is… the living room? It’s not worn down like in that jigsaw puzzle room."
"That’s your mother and grandmother, Rika."
"They are arguing? It’s just as usual, huh?"
"How about we go listen to them carefully? There might be something more than that meets the eyes."
(Rika and Maya approach them to listen to the conversation.)
Haruka, Rika’s mother, is sitting on a sofa, looking down as if to avoid her mother’s gaze.
“Haruka, why is your living room this messy? Since you bought this home, it’s like you never cleaned it once. I think you can do better.”
“Mother… It’s not that messy, I’m sure of it…”
“No no no. This is messy. Trust me. I’m your mother. Maybe one day you will understand it. When I was your age, there was no vacuum cleaner, no floor cleaning robot, no customized shelves like this. Maybe you took all this stuff for granted and you become too lazy, huh?”
“Rika has a dust allergy. I have to clean this house twice a day or else she would be sick. That’s not lazy.”
“You’re talking back to me, ha? You’re only doing it because you have to. That’s called lazy to me. Also, when will you have a second kid? My neighbor already has 3 grandchildren. Why are you still—”
(The conversation blurs into the background. The constant one-sided conversation continues on until Rika’s grandmother leaves)
"...I never knew my grandmother was like that."
"Actually, you never cared. This conversation is in your memory, but you just never processed it. You only saw the result, your mother’s behavior towards you. But you never understood what caused it."
After the grandmother leaves, Haruka slumps on the sofa, exhausted. She just stared at the ceiling for who knows how long. And then, she picks up a piece of paper and writes down something.
“Rika, if you want anything, you can tell me.”
Haruka stood up, and walked towards Rika’s room. She slid the piece of paper under the doorway, and walked away with a slight smile, satisfied.
"..."
"You interpreted that as her ignoring you. I can understand that. You’re not wrong. Other parents will actively do things for their children, but yours don’t. I don’t blame you."
"However, the reality is that she cares…"
"Your mother just wants you to live a happy life. She doesn’t want you to experience what she had to experience as a child. A fussy parent. A strict parent. A self-centered, judgemental, and toxic parent. She doesn’t want that, so she tries to swing to the other side of the spectrum… Not out of spite, but out of love…"
"I… I can’t blame her for it… She really cared for me, but I… I am the one who ignored her…?"
"Rika… Let’s go to another shard…"

School shard
"This is… the classroom…?"
“Good morning! Rika!”, a girl carrying a large canvas sat beside her.
"Nana-chan…? What?"
The girl didn’t respond to Rika’s calling, and she started setting up her canvas on the table. It’s like Rika didn’t exist in that space.
"...?"
"Rika, this is a memory shard. You can’t interact with the people inside."
"So, this shard is about my friends…"
Nana-chan. The girl in the portrait in which Rika accused her of sabotaging her work, is drawing her work innocently. Nobody would even suspect her of thinking of such a thing, except Rika.
“Hey, Rika… It might be weird to say this right here, but… I feel like no matter how hard I study, I just can’t reproduce the soul that you pour into your art. So, Rika, even if other people don’t see those souls and they voted for my piece in that competition, yours is still far more superior in my eyes…”
“I didn’t remember she said that…"
“It’s because of your negative image that you filtered it all out. When you want to confirm your suspicion, everything else that contradicts what you had in mind is thrown away…"
“So… please… Don’t be discouraged by the result… I want you to have fun drawing again… That one result affects you so much, right? Even when you’re with Asane-san’s group, you always look sad. She’s worried about you and told me about it… So, please, your art is good the way it is…”
“Asane-san…? That group…?"
“They all think of you as a genuine friend, but you did not. They tried to care about you in their own way, but you interpreted those ways as hurting you. Even what you called harassment is actually just what normal teenagers talk about. They just don’t know you hate it."
“Ah…Yeah… I... I never told them I was uncomfortable..."
"You didn't. You just assumed they knew. Assumed they were doing it on purpose."
“Everyone just wanted to be friends with me and wanted me to be happy, but I rejected them…?"
"It’s fine, Rika… Let the past be the past. Let’s leave this shard…"

Mahiru shard
"N-No… Not this stair again…"
"But we have to see everything…"
Rika sees Mahiru standing on the stairs alone, with a piece of paper and a sealed box placed beside her. She looks like she’s trying to think of something to write on the paper.
"Is… Is that a gift..? So this is before she gave it to my mother, huh…?"
"Ah… Why is it this hard to think of something with good meanings… It’s even harder than the essay homework…"
Mahiru taps the pen against her chin, deep in thought.
"Happy birthday, Rika-chan…? No, no. That’s too simple… How about, I love you…?”
“...”
”No! Definitely not that!!! She will interpret it as a confession… Ah…"
"Why is she thinking so hard about a birthday note…? Can’t she just not put a note in?"
"It’s because she saw you as her precious friend. And she actually has a message for you, she still hasn't formalized it yet."
Mahiru blushed a little at the thought of confessing. But she quickly got to the thinking mode again.
"Hmm… Rika always looks lonely, but she is a bit more happy with me around… However, I can’t be around her all the time. So that means…”
Mahiru finally thought of something and quickly scribbled it down.
"Rika… You are nice…”
"Everyone wants to be friends with you…”
"Let's have fun together with them in the future!"”
She looked up, proud of what she just wrote. Then, she stuck that paper onto the gift box, and moved happily to some other place.
"..."
"Rika…?"
"Haha… Of course, what did I expect? It’s exactly the same thing that she said to me on that day, Friday, 4th of April… The same thing that leads to her death…"
"But that’s what she thinks is best for you."
"Yeah… She’s naive. She’s never seen the dark side of the world. She never knew how someone can respond to positivity with pure hatred…"
"At least, you understand her now. She would appreciate it if you think of her fondly, even if she’s not in this world anymore."
"But whether I can do that… I don’t know…"
"Let’s move on, Rika…"

The choice
"Rika... It's complete..."

The mirror, reassembled from 3 fragments, started emitting light from inside.

The size of the mirror slowly expanded until it enveloped the entire room.

4 doors appeared in front of Rika and Maya. Each door is made of different materials and decorated with different objects.

"It's our time now to choose. Now that we have the full picture, what will we do?"

Click each door to see their description. Only after you look at all the doors, you can make the decision.

Door 1 : A closed door with a school uniform hanging on it, just like the first day of school. The Plum blossom symbol is on the uniform.
    "Rika, this is the door to continue your life. If you acknowledge that we are all flawed and nobody really knows the correct answer to life, then this door is for you."
    "..."
    "You forgive yourself. You forgive everyone. You decide to believe in humanity despite all that has happened... Is this what you want, Rika?"
    "..."

Door 2 : An open door to a field filled with pear blossom, with a single comfy tea table. 
    "Rika, this is the door to let you rest here forever. You don't need to endure anything anymore. If the world is too cruel, then let it be."
    "..."
    "You've tried your best, but nothing went as you expected. You've lost everything. You don't deserve this. If you choose this door, you can finally be at peace... Is this what you want, Rika?"
    "..."

Door 3 : Dark red hellish metal door with red spider lily decoration
    "Rika, this is the door to cross over to the death world permanently. There's no coming back from there."
    "..."
    "The weight of your past action might be too much for you to handle. It's fine. There's a limit to how much a person can endure. If you choose this door, that weight will be taken away from you, as well as everything else. Maybe that's the best thing... Is this what you want, Rika?"
    "..."

Door 4 : A weathered moldy wooden door with chain lock surrounded by Globe thistle
    "Rika, this is the door to continue your life. You don't need to have hope in anything, or even believe things will get better. But as long as you still have the will to live, you can pick this door.
    "..."
    "Nobody can force you to love the world that breaks you. Nobody can force you to forgive anyone, or to forgive yourself. But you can choose to live. Live in a world that will hurt you in the future. And you will live. Until the day you die for real... Is this what you want, Rika?"
    "..."

After viewing all doors
"Rika... Have you made your decision?"

"Yeah... Thank you, Maya. It really is different now when I have the full context, the whole truth, and being whole again even if my whole still is broken. I've decided."

"As a part of you, I already know what I'd choose too..."

Rika and Maya grip their hands tightly. They look at each other.

"Maya, how about we say it together?"

"Alright... Three, two, one..."

"I choose..."
(MAYBE YOU CAN END THIS HERE. CLIFFHANGER)

The end
Door 1
    "I choose hope."
    
    Maya said it first, but Rika's soft voice came a fraction of a second later. They made the same choice.

    "I want to believe. I want to believe people can improve. The world is a horrible mess. It's true that I and everyone have done something irredeemable. But if I run away from it, then what? The cycle still continues to find another victim."

    "Yes. You made a mistake. Everyone made a mistake. We are all drowning and gasping for air, scrambling for any chance to survive."

    "And in that, they pulled me down."

    "And you pulled them down too. That's what drowning does. You can't blame them."

    "Even if I die, it won't solve anything. They'll still be drowning."

    "Even if others die, it won't solve anything. We'll still be drowning."

    "So I just keep swimming, in hope that maybe one day, someone will reach the shore and end this cycle once and for all."

    They walked towards the door. Rika's hand trembled slightly. The weight hasn't lifted, it never will. Yet, she chose to keep carrying it forward. This is the final choice they made by themselves, and the only choice that will satisfy her.

    Rika and Maya fused into one. As they reached out for the handle, the door shimmered and dissolved into light particles scattering in all directions.

    And...

    The scene cuts to black.

    ---

    A steady beat.

    Beep. Beep. Beep.

    Temperature: 36.4 °C
    Heartrate: 86 bpm
    Oxygen: 98%
    Blood pressure: 110/68 mmHg
    Respiratory rate: 16 breaths per minute

    Rika's fingers twitch against a cold and rough bed sheet.

    The hospital's sanitized smell is as strong as ever. Rika doesn't like it.

    "Agh... I want to smell something nicer..."
    
    "Rika. Do you know where you are?"

    "Hospital? W-What happened...? Where is Ma—"

    "Ma?"

    "Ma..."

    Rika is confused about her instinctive action. Who was she looking for? She's always been alone.

    "Do you mean your mama? That would be me though."

    "No... Forget that... Anyway, why are you here after all this time?"

    "Hey. How low do you think of me? How can a mother abandon her child when that child is literally trying to unalive herself?"

    "Eh?"

    "What's that reaction...? Or do you not think of me as your mother anymore? If that's the case, I'm quite sad..."

    "Uh... No. Not really..."

    Meeting her again in years feels awkward. Our relationship is not like a normal parent-child relationship. It's just... awkward.

    This uncomfortable silence continues for a while.

    "By the way, here's a gift from your long lost friend. I forgot to give it to you before travelling to America. Sorry."

    The mother passed a small box to Rika. There is a note attached to it, written in Mahiru's handwriting.

    The note reads:
    "You're nice. Everyone wants to be friends with you. Let's have fun together with them in the future!"

    Inside, there is a flower.
    
    A plum blossom.

    "If you don't like that message, then you can throw it away. I just want you to know that Mahiru does care about you... That's all..."

    Rika smiled. She murmured, "No... It's fine... Thank you. And... Sorry."

    Rika took out the bracelet that's still on her wrist, Mahiru's bracelet, and placed it in the box.

    Life has always been hard. She has made a grave mistake. But for some reason, today, she feels like a clean slate. She feels like she can start it over again.

    She decides to focus on what will come next and hope it will be better.

    She will try to not make the same mistake again.

    After all, what else can we do?

Door 2
    "I choose peace."
    
    Maya said it first, but Rika's soft voice came a fraction of a second later. They made the same choice.

    "I'm so tired, Maya... I've fought for so long. Nobody really wants it to happen, but stuff keeps happening and it keeps getting worse and worse."

    "I know. Everyone tries their best in their own broken way, doesn't they."

    "Yeah, but that act of trying doesn't reach the other side, and their attempt at doing their best destroyed me."

    "And Mahiru. And everyone else too..."

    "I just want it to stop, Maya..."

    "Then, let it stop, Rika. Let's rest here forever. They would be happy to know you've finally escaped the cycle."

    Rika looks at the open door, at the serene field beyond. "It's peaceful there..."

    "Yes."

    "Forever sounds nice..."

    They walked towards the door, hand in hand. This is the final choice they made by themselves, and the only choice that will satisfy her.

    Rika and Maya step out of the void into the endless field of pear blossoms. The sweet smell of the air reminds her of home, the home she's never had. The gentle breeze rustles the petals. They lie down.

    And for the first time in a long, long time, Rika feels finally free.

    And...

    The scene cuts to black.

    ---

    The sound of generic breaking news jingle comes out of a TV.

    "Today, police have confirmed the identity of a girl currently in a coma in the XXX Hospital. The girl's name is Konomi Rika, the daughter of a 40-year-old mother and a 45-year-old father, both running a start-up cryptocurrency business in Silicon Valley. We cannot confirm the whereabouts of the girl's parents at this time. The doctor reported that the damage to Konomi Rika's brain is irrecoverable, and there's little to no chance she will regain consciousness—"

    Black.

    The TV is closed.

    "..."

    A drop of tear falls from a woman's eye.

    "Where has it gone wrong..."

    She's holding a small box. A box she should have given to Rika years ago. There is a note attached to it, written in her daughter's deceased friend's handwriting.

    The note reads:
    "You're nice. Everyone wants to be friends with you. Let's have fun together with them in the future!"

    "If she received this, would she smile? I really doubt it though... She might just be angry..."

    The mother lies down in despair.

    "Really, where has it gone wrong..."

    The box hit the ground and it opened a little.

    A plum blossom spilled out.

    "Rika... At least in that coma, you're smiling... I'm happy for you..."

    Rika, she doesn't know it. She doesn't see this plum blossom.

    She doesn't see her mother's reaction to her current state.

    She doesn't see Mahiru's gift that she never received.

    The world, with all its noise and all its pain, moves on without her.

    She is somewhere quiet now. Somewhere kind.

    At peace.

Door 3
    "I choose death."

    Maya said it first, but Rika's soft voice came a fraction of a second later. They made the same choice.

    "I can't carry this burden anymore, Maya. The truth is that I killed Mahiru, I did bad things to everyone, and the truth will stay the same. It's too much..."

    "You are a human, Rika. You've reached your limit a long time ago."

    "If I go back there, I would just be another bad influence for others. I would drag them down with me even if I don't intend to do it."

    "It's fine."

    "I don't want to hate myself more than this..."

    "That's totally fine."

    "I... just want it to end."

    "Then let it end, Rika. Let's go together."

    They walked towards the door. The red spider lily blooms, welcoming them to the land of nothingness. A void even darker than the void they came from.

    This is the final choice they made by themselves, and the only choice that will satisfy her.

    The door swings open.

    No light. No sound. No pain. Nothing.

    Nothing, but Rika and Maya.

    Nothing, but a girl who has committed a grave sin.

    And...

    The scene cuts to black.

    ---

    A steady tone. Continuous. Uninterrupted.

    Beeeeeeeeeeep.

    Temperature: 34.2 °C
    Heartrate: 0 bpm
    Oxygen: --%
    Blood pressure: --/-- mmHg
    Respiratory rate: 0 breaths per minute

    Time of death: 3:14 AM

    The nurse removed the respirator and pulled a white sheet over Rika's body.

    "Such a young girl..."

    "Did anyone ever come to visit her?"

    "No..."

    "Hey, but I heard her mother tried to contact the hospital a few days ago. She's trying to book a flight back to Japan."

    "It's too late now... I'm sorry for her..."

    "Rest in peace, Konomi Rika... Life must have been painful for her to choose such an end. May the next life treat her more gently..."

Door 4
    "I choose life."

    Maya said it first, but Rika's soft voice came a fraction of a second later. They made the same choice.

    "I... I cannot forgive anyone. Not me. Not them."

    "You don't have to."

    "The world broke me and everyone else. And it will keep breaking us all in the future."

    "It probably will."

    "I believe nothing will get better. People of the past had hoped, but those hopes never came true."

    "Even if an old kind of pain stops, a new kind of pain will come."

    "Then... Why do you think I choose to live, Maya?"

    "It's because we hate this world."

    Life is painful. Nothing goes as expected.

    But Rika has survived for almost 2 decades, living, breathing in the air of this ugly world.

    She has lived this long out of spite. Why stop now?

    Rika looked at the weathered down door, at the globe thistles growing through the cracks. "That flower's so ugly."

    "I hate it."

    "Me too."

    "...Let's go."

    They walked towards the door. This is the final choice they made by themselves, and the only choice that will satisfy her.

    The door doesn't open easily. Rika pulled hard against the rusty chain to force it open.

    The chain made a loud screech as it snapped.

    Rika and Maya slowly fused into one, and...

    The scene cuts to black.

    ---

    A steady beat.

    Beep. Beep. Beep.

    Temperature: 36.4 °C
    Heartrate: 86 bpm
    Oxygen: 98%
    Blood pressure: 110/68 mmHg
    Respiratory rate: 16 breaths per minute

    Rika's fingers twitch against a cold and rough bed sheet.

    The hospital's sanitized smell is as strong as ever. Rika doesn't like it.

    She doesn't like much of anything, really.

    "Agh... This smell makes me want to vomit..."

    "Rika..."

    Rika looked at the source of the voice. It was her mother.

    "I hate you..."

    "That's the first thing you say after you wake up, huh? Am I that bad of a mother?"

    "Yes, you are."

    "...I'm sorry."

    "Fine. I understand. But I don't forgive you though."

    "Okay..."

    "..."

    "Uh... By the way, here's a gift from your friend. I should have given it to you long time ago, but I never had the chance."

    The mother passed a small box to Rika. There is a note attached to it, written in Mahiru's handwriting.

    The note reads:
    "You're nice. Everyone wants to be friends with you. Let's have fun together with them in the future!"

    Inside, there is a flower.
    
    A globe thistle.

    "If you don't like it, just throw it away. I just want to let you know that that girl does care about—"

    "She was too naive.", Rika cuts her mother's sentence.

    "S-So you will throw it away, huh? Exactly like what I thought..."

    "No, I won't."

    The mother is confused.

    "Why...?"

    "Because it's funny. Her flower taste is just terrible. Haha..."

    Rika lets out a bitter laugh, which then turns into an innocent giggle.

    It doesn't fit the situation at all. But that's all she can do.

    Rika took out the bracelet that's still on her wrist, Mahiru's bracelet, and placed it in the box.

    She looked outside the window.

    The sky is gray.

    It will probably rain soon.

    And... Rika will live on...

Core Symbolism
Story Element
Symbolism/Meaning
Art Direction
Broken Mirrors
Fractured identity, self reflection
Every mirror is broken in some way
Bracelet
Unescapable mistake
A simple bracelet that appears EVERYWHERE
Plum Blossom
Hope, perseverance, forgiveness.
Appear in every Mahiru flashback, or fragmented memory involving Mahiru
Pear Blossom
Beauty, peace, escape
Appear in beach pictures, childhood memory when nothing has happened yet
Red Spider Lily 
Death, horror, PTSD
Appear in the PTSD, death, jump scare scenes.
Globe Thistle
Pain, fortitude, ugliness
Appear as Rika’s identity, childhood drawings, room decorations.
Rika (許斐 梨花)
Guilt, denial, isolation. Prickly exterior, but have a broken heart inside. Pessimistic. (Globe Thistle)
Design her anyway you want
Maya (真夜)
Idealized friendship, the will to survive. "Truth" hidden by "Night." Protective instinct.
Design her as someone similar, but opposite of Rika
Mahiru (真昼)
Purity, naivety, hope, care. "Truth" in the "Noon" light. Painful truth. (Plum Blossom)
Design her anyway you want


Puzzle and Scene-Specific Elements
NOTE : By inventory, I mean setting the state to having that item. We will not be making an inventory system. Just show the effect feedback to the player.

ROOM 1
The player interacts with the Rika figure
Crayon count UI sA Corner of Memories
hows up
The player finds the Blue Crayon.
The player finds the Toybox key.
The player uses the Key on the Toy Box to unlock it and retrieve the Red Crayon.
The player finds the Flashlight.
The player interacts with the area under the bed with a flashlight, triggering a jumpscare and then retrieving the Green Crayon.
The player interacts with the Rika figure to give her the crayons. This completes the puzzle.

Scene Elements
State when interact
Action
Rika Figure
Initial
Dialogue, crying animation, other element becomes interactable, show UI


With Green Crayon
Gives Green Crayon, update UI


With Blue Crayon
Gives Blue Crayon, update UI


With Red Crayon
Gives Red Crayon, update UI


All crayons given
(automatic)
Dialogue, stop crying animation, close UI, exit door becomes interactable
Blue Crayon
-
Dialogue, adds Blue Crayon to inventory, removes Blue Crayon from scene
Toy Box Key
-
Dialogue, adds Key to inventory, removes Key from scene
Toy Box
No Key
Dialogue


With Key
Dialogue, uses Key, adds Red Crayon to inventory
Flashlight
-
Dialogue, adds Flashlight to inventory
Under the Bed
No Flashlight
Dialogue


With Flashlight
Dialogue, jumpscare, adds Green Crayon to inventory
Pear Blossom Pot
-
Dialogue
4x Crayon Paintings
-
Dialogue, image pop up
Window
-
Dialogue
Door to previous room
First knock
Dialogue, door animation


Second knock 
Dialogue, door animation


Final knock (LOUD)
Dialogue, jumpscare, door animation
Exit door
-
Dialogue, scene transition


ROOM 2
The player interacts with the Jigsaw board.  
Jigsaw count UI shows up.
The player finds the Family portrait and retrieves Jigsaw Piece 1.  
The player finds Friend portrait 1 and retrieves Jigsaw Piece 2.  
The player finds Friend portrait 2 and retrieves Jigsaw Piece 3.  
The player finds the Textbook and retrieves Jigsaw Piece 4.  
The player looks at the Paper piece (6241).
The player interacts with Lamp 1, 2, 3 and retrieves Jigsaw Piece 5.
The player interacts with the TV (displays decimal form of binary code from Lamp setup).  
The player manipulates Lamp 1, 2, 3 and TV to match the code shown on the Paper piece.
The player finishes entering the code, triggering a jumpscare and unlocking the Mother's safe.
The player interacts with the Mother's safe and retrieves Jigsaw Piece 6.
The player assembles all 6 pieces on the Jigsaw board. This completes the puzzle.

Scene Elements
State when interact
Action
Jigsaw Board
Initial
Dialogue, puzzle pop up, show jigsaw count UI, other elements become interactable.


Already retrieved some pieces
Puzzles pop up with jigsaw pieces.


Finished arranging the jigsaw in the puzzle popup 
Dialogue, closes UI, exit door becomes interactable.
Family Portrait
-
Dialogue, image pop up, adds Jigsaw Piece 1 to inventory
Friend Portrait 1
-
Dialogue, image pop up, adds Jigsaw Piece 2 to inventory
Friend Portrait 2
-
Dialogue, image pop up, adds Jigsaw Piece 3 to inventory
Textbook
-
Dialogue, adds Jigsaw Piece 4 to inventory
Paper Piece
-
Dialogue
Lamp 1
Toggle On/Off
Part of the binary puzzle for the safe.
Lamp 2
Toggle On/Off
Part of the binary puzzle for the safe.
Lamp 3
First Touch
Adds Jigsaw Piece 5 to inventory.


Toggle On/Off
Part of the binary puzzle for the safe.
Television
Interact (Wrong code / Incomplete)
Dialogue (replace the dialogue dynamically with the number XXX).


Interact (Correct code)
Jumpscare, unlocks Mother's safe.
Mother's Safe
Locked
Dialogue.


Unlocked
Dialogue, adds Jigsaw Piece 6 to inventory.
Vase
-
Dialogue, breaks the vase itself, make the vase non-interactable.
Blood Stain
-
Dialogue, distort effect
Exit Door
-
Dialogue, scene transition.


ROOM 3
The player presses buttons to calm Rika down.  

Scene Elements
State when interact
Action
Calm button
-
Add value for calming.


ROOM 4
The player interacts with the Blackboard.
The player solves the Blackboard puzzle by clicking on the Friday button.
The player hears the sound of Plum blossom pot breaking.
The player interacts with the Plum blossom pot, and cleans up the mess.
The player hears the sound of Clock moving and stopping at 9:35 AM.
The player interacts with the Clock to see the time.
The player interacts with the Cabinet and enters the 4-digit code (0935). This completes the puzzle.

Scene Elements
State when interact
Action
Mahiru's Bracelet x4
-
Dialogue.
Blackboard
Initial
Dialogue, puzzle pop up.


Wrong answer
Add more scribbling to the blackboard, a painful penalty.


Correct answer
Dialogue, triggers Plum blossom pot to break, make Plum blossom pot interactable.
Plum Blossom Pot
-
Dialogue, puzzle pop up, trigger Clock animation.
Clock
Before pot
Dialogue, clock pop up


After pot
Dialogue, clock pop up
Cabinet
Before clock
Dialogue, puzzle pop up


After clock
Dialogue, puzzle pop up


On solve
Puzzle goes down, open the cabinet.


Exit room
Dialogue, scene transition.


ROOM 5
The player enters the classroom. A 4-minute Time limit starts. The voices start playing.
The player interacts with the Calendar and gets the code “4”
The player interacts multiple times with the Hand-shaped tree and the code "202" drops.
The player interacts with the Clock and sets it to 09:35 and the code "13" drops.
The player solves the Coin-symbol puzzle, dragging each wooden coin to its correct place and the code "17" drops.
The player interacts with the Old wood box, enters the sum of the codes, and the box opens.
Cuts to the DARK CUTSCENE in every case (timer runs out / finish the puzzle)

Scene Elements
State when interact
Action
Calendar 
-
Calendar pop up
Paper pieces
-
image pop up
Hand tree
<4 click
Animation


>=4 click
Spawn paper with number 202 in code
Wood block game
Initial
Puzzle pop up


On solve
Spawn paper with number 17 in code
Clock
Initial
Clock pop up


On solve
Spawn paper with number 13 in code
Old wood box
Initial
Puzzle pop up


On solve
The box opens, dialogue, scene transition.


ROOM 6
The player interacts with Family Shard, and it becomes movable.
The player interacts with Friend Shard, and it becomes movable.
The player interacts with Mahiru Shard, and it becomes movable.
The player arranges the shards to fix the broken mirror. This completes the puzzle.

Scene Elements
State when interact
Action
Family Shard
Always the first shard
Dialogue, image pop up
Friend Shard
Always the second shard
Dialogue, image pop up
Mahiru Shard
Always the third shard
Dialogue, image pop up



